I have posted similar questions , I apologize but I am rather anxious ! A day after I took the dose prescribed of azithromycin for chlamydia 1000 mg in 1 dose , I am having brownish discharge and cramps - I assume this is either from the chlamydia or a side effect of the azithromycin . Anyone else experience this with Azythromycin ? Would you say this is just a side effect or would you say this is the chlamydia and that the antibiotics are not working or is it too soon to tell ?as this is only the second day after taking the dose ? Thanks so much !
So im on treatment for Chlamydia. My doctor prescribed two 500 mg pills of Azithromycin. Literally after 1 hour of taken it, i started having bad abdominal pains and i vomited. I know this is a side effect. Day 2 was yesterday, and i vomited more than the first day at least 7 times. My question is, is there anything i can take or eat to keep my stomach from being upset as i go through treatment. Also, does my vomiting have any effect on the medicine. Like when i vomited am i also vomiting some of the medicine and will it effect my treatment?
My doctor prescribed me Azithromycin due to my throat being swollen with white spots plus I have swollen glands around my neck. The second day of taking the antibiotic i've developed red bumps that do not itch. Is this a allergic reaction? I feel fine. I'm not having trouble breathing. I've talked to my doctor and he told me to get off of right away. But it's the only side effect that I'm having while taking it. Right now I'm going on my third day and I'm barely starting to feel better.
I started azithromycin Zpack and started feeling weak, getting chills and nausea, gas and been pooping a lot (not diarrhea) I stopped the Z pack after the first 2 days and visited the doctor. The effects come and go. How long are these side effects gonna last? Started it tuesday night, took the second pill thursday night and i haven't taken it since then. Today is Friday. i Still get nauseous and chills. Update: Took the second pill Wednesday*  Stopped it after that.
I believe it was called the z-pack! Or 6 pack. I believe z-pack & 6 pack are the same thing.  I started taking the medication on sept 5th. I quit taking it 5 days later. I would say about the 9th or 10th. It stayed in my system for awhile after that. Yesterday i was still feeling pretty nauseous yet. My appetite is still not quite back to normal yet. I just read on the box that the medication can stay in your system for 6-10 days. I just read that as i was looking at the box now. Has any one that took this medication & was done with taking the medication & it still affected there appetite & also made them nauseous as well to?Today is day number 10 that the medication would be in my system for. I am feeling ok right now. Not hungry yet. I get an upset stomach when I eat sugar. I ate some bushes baked beans last nite & got nauseous from that to.  Another main side effect that i was having was i getting panic attacks. I think that was the worst part of the medication. I had alot of anxiety while taking the medication.  I also could not hear when i took the medication either. I had stomach upset or diarrhea but i already knew that was going to happen. That's common with antibiotics.  I think that was all of my side effects from this medication. I couldn't never ever take this medication again cause of that panic attacks & anxiety. What side effects did u get from this drug?The same as me or did you get different side effects?Thanks for answering my question.
i got my medicine for chlamydia . and i took them about an hour n a half ago .. it was two pills .. and i feel so sick too my stomach .. i feel like i want too throw up . and am all dizzy . is this ok? are fhese the side effects .. cause i feel so horrible !!!
Everyone says that it lessens effects but I've been unable to find anything about that other than people in forums. If anyone can find any product info that states that, thats what I'm looking for. One site says it may increase side effects of dizzyness and lightheadedness.. sounds like it just makes ya more drunk to me lol. Update: Everyone says that it lessens effects but I've been unable to find anything about that other than people in forums. If anyone can find any product info that states that, thats what I'm looking for. One site says it may increase side effects of dizzyness and lightheadedness.. sounds like it just makes ya...
The prescribed medicine says not take any dairy products or eat mayonaise and i mistakenly ate little mayonaise inside my chicken salad rap
I have Chlamydia and the doctor prescribed  azithromycin spn 1gm. I know there's pills but I got the powder that I had to mix with water. I took it two days ago with the two shots from the doctor. How long should I wait until I'm able to drink alcohol ? Because its my friends birthday and we want to celebrate with alcohol. Should I drink or would it affect the treatment?
Hi, I went to the  emergency room a few days ago in regards to pain I was having in my ear. They told me I got a really bad ear infection. I started to take this antibiotic called Azithromycin tablets. The first day I took it wasn't so bad. but I woke up this morning with that side of my face all red and hot and my nose was draining and congested. Is this normal for a antibiotic ? and will this ever clear up. I had the infection for over a week now but I didn't know I was having a ear infection, I thought it was a toothache. Update: Also is it ok for me to take a tylenol or something  for the pain? or will it interact funny with it? Update: And also I find myself peeing alot  now.

this tuesday, my doctor prescribed me medicine. She prescribed to me: metronidazole 500mg. Well. she calls me saying she is going to prescribe me another medicine called: azithromycin 500 mg. [[ let me advise you and tell you, that the first med that day, no side effect, no sort of illness. ]] Now, ever since I been taking the second one now. . its been horrible. 48 hours now. Nausea. vomiting. Migraines. Diarrhea. Drowsiness. Stomach pain. Ugh! Like the whole fuckn nine yards. =[ its ruining me. I can't even do daily activities. Its ruining everything. I don't know what I shud do. Should I go to the hospital or should I just sit and just be whatever. The migraines are freakn horrible. But which ones aren't. Please help. Im dieing here. =[ Update: the azithromycin was a one dose thing. i took it thursday, and i still feel like ****. take 2 tablets for one dose and thats it.
I had a really bad sore throat so the doctor put my on azithromycin, but every time I take it I get diarrhea. Am I allergic or something? Should I stop taking it?
I'm on azithromycin for bronchitis and it's making me really sick as a side effect. I have to go back to work tomorrow though, so what should I do?
My son takes these one every 3 days but has now gone down with anxiety and depression. Is it too long after starting them to then have that as a side effect?
I went to the doctor yesterday because I had burning during urination after sex and a few sharp pains in my abdominal area. Turned out that one of my Fallopian tubes is swollen and my urethra is also swollen. The doctor said it might be because of change of sexual partners. He gave me azithromycin to take. He also said that I should get tested for chlamydia because that might have been the cause. I want to know if I can get tested for an STI as soon as tomorrow or do I have to wait since I'm taking medication? And if so, how long would I have to wait to get tested?
Hey.. I was just tested postivite for chlamydia.. and i need some support.  I don't take medication, haven't for 3 years. I'm natural.  I just have some questions, I hope to get them all answered.  I'd read about allergic reactions to antibiotics... If I have taken penicillin, ammoxocillin, macrobid... all antibiotics, would I be okay? Because Azithromycin is an anti biotic too.  Also, what are the side effects?  How long will it take to cure? I've heard anywhere from 2 days to a week. Any other oppinions?  Please dont post links, I want someone who knows a lot about this to give some accurate and reassuring and honest information.  I just want as much info as possible.. Thank you guys! Update: lol I know,I haven't taken ALL antibiotics.. I mean, I have taken Macrobid, Penicillin, and ammoxocillin...  are they in the same family as azithromycin? If I have taken those pills before, would it probably be safe to take this pill? Update: ---- Update:  Update: The health center said I'll have to take 4 tablets all at once.. what should I do? I don't think the chances of reaction are THAT high.. but i dont know
I was told to take azithromycin but now they think my test was a false positive so i didn't have chlamydia to begin with. But i already took the medicine. What harm can this do? Can i get chlamydia from taking the medicine if I didn't have it before? Please help!
I took Azithromycin for three days. The doctor prescribed it for strep throat.  One week later, I still have diarrhea every day, gland pain, a little sinus pain, and a little throat pain. Are these just signs that the drug is still working??  Thanks
I've been put on prednisone and azithromycin for a bacterial infection in my lungs and wanted to know if drinking on these medications would be harmfull. I take two prednisone and one azithromycin in the morning *tomorrow it will be 6am* and was hopeing to get started drinking with some friends between 6pm-9pm who knows what time we'll stop. Anyway I was wondering if that would work out? what are the side effects of mixing with alchohol? Anything severe? Thanks for the help
Well, I found out last week on the 01/19/2012 that I have chlamydia. I took on the same day 2 pills of azithromycin 500 mg which the doctor prescribed me. However, I started taking birth control on the 01/13/2012. I have on and off abdominal pain, sore nipple, over the past week my appetite increased extremly but since yesterday I feel nauseous, my leggs hurt and I am constantly tired. Are both of the medications causing this??
I know I need to take this to a doctor ASAP I am just wondering if it can wait until morning or if I should rush in tonight. I know none of you are drs just looking for anyone who has experienced it. I was diagnosed with pnemonia on Monday and was put on Zithromax. I havent been feeling any better but now tonight half of my face is numb. Or partially numb anyway. Could this be a side effect from the z-pack? Does it need immediate attention? Has anyone been through this?
I know that stomach pain is normal with this medication, but the paper I received said mild pain. I'm not sure if it's normal to have stabbing/twisting pains that feel worse then cramps. Has anyone else experienced this, is there anything I can do about it?
what is difference between these antibiotiques i have to have 30 (500mg) of amoxicillin 3 times in 1 day... and they give these medicin to animals i feel like animal.... 1 tablet by mouth 3 times daily for 10 days 30 tablets total
I  take 600 mg of azithromycin twice a week. One of the side effects for me seems to be itchy skin and a decent erection. I am curious if this medication has effected others the same. I have not found this so in a list of possible side effects for this med. I am truly enjoying it, but am curious about adverse effects. Of course I will ask my doctor.
how long does azithromycin (Zithromax) stay in your system after taking it ? i took 4 pills today and that is all i have to take for what it is being used for and i was just wonderning how long it takes to get out of your system. and as well i was wondering if taking birth control has any side effects with it. PLEASE ANSWER.
I have been prescried azithromycin for my sinus infection and am scared to take it because of the common side effects of nausea diarrhea and vomiting. Has anyone ever taken this? I am thinking of just letting my sinus infection run its course. Oh it is 250 mg once a day
Hi, I was treated for chlamydia 10 days ago, with 4 pills, azithromycin. Also was treated for ghonorreA just incase. Before I was treated I was feeling dizzy and had a very uncomfortable feeling in my vagina and it burnt when I peed. Now 10 days later my period just ended and i still feel a slight burning sensation when I pee. Not as bad as it was before treatment but their definitely is some uncomfort. Is it possible it could be something else? Something more serious ? The only symptom I have is burning while peeing . And I do not have a UTI.

Sooo my college has their HUGE rivalry game tomorrow and basically EVERYONE drinks from 9am until night time...All of my friends are coming up and it's so crazy and really fun. I read all of the Azithromycin package and it says NOTHING about alcohol use. I have looked around online and I have found MANY different results.  My thoughts were to....take my antibiotic pill early in the morning tomorrow so it has time to metabolize and then drink a little later on... One concern I have is the amount of alcohol I consume. I am planning on having a lot honestly, I read online though saying If large quantities of alcohol are consumed, it can lead to more severe effects. How much is large quantities? Should I just drink lightly? Any thoughts? Okay, thanks!
I know you can't have sex for 7-10 days but would drinking alcohol affect the treatment?
I'm on z-pak, and my infection isn't bad at all, I don't even really feel sick, I just have a slight balance problem and had hot flashes, doc says it's probably sinus infection, but I hardly feel it.  1) Is it okay to drink milk products, have yogurt on this med, and eat basically anything, or should you stick to non-milk and non-acidic products?  2) Is it okay to exercize and exert onesself, as long as they feel okay and are taking in enough fluids?  3) Is sexual intercourse okay? (my theory is if god forbid you get anything else, you're already on the antibiotics so it won't stand a chance)  4)Can you go about your life without making any modifications, and slowing yourself down?
My lungs are in horrible shape and that's what my doctor gave me. About three days ago, I stopped taking it. I'm in the third pill of a new pack. (Orth Tri-cyclen Lo) I may be a little paranoid, but I just wanna know you guys' opinion. Thank you! :)
I was started on azithromycin 250mg yesterday for a sinus infection an hour aftertaking it I got the worst adominal pain.  It eventually passed.I was wondering if there was anyway to ease the side effects or prevent them. And why does It cause such bad pain.
I took azithromycin and threw up about 12 hours later. Did the medicine have time to absorb into my body and be effective ?? My doctors office is closed today and I can't call and ask.
Within 45 min I was vomitting like crazy. My question is: Did my body absorb the antibiotic or will I need to get it again... Please help!
I took 2 tablets without food and got an awful stomach ache hours later. I heard this can be a side effect and I wanted to know if I will get a stomach ache every time I take it? If i take it with food will it prevent a stomach ache? Im supposed to be on it for 5 days and im a little concerned
So I have a flu, I'm taking antibiotics (today is last) for three days, I took the pill about 6-8 hours ago, is it ok to drink some beer ?  All I have now is nose blocked, the sore throat and temp are all gone.  The antibiotic I'm drinking (1 capsule per day for 3 days) is named azimak ( it has a side note  Azithromycin .

I've been in Latin America for a month now traveling and recently (yesterday) developed diarrhea and a bit of stomach upset. Before I left, my doctor said to take an Azithromycin pill if either of these symptoms existed and persisted. I took one 500mg pill today at around noon, drank some herbal tea and ate a lunch of chicken with veggies and a piece of bread. I've also drank about 6 bottles of water. My symptoms have seemingly already cleared up. I'm hungry now and about to eat dinner, and my bowel movements have ceased since I took the pill. I'm supposed to go out and meet some friends for drinks tonight, and I was wondering if anyone had any experience with mixing Azithromycin with alcohol. I've obviously googled it and read that for the most part it is safe, and nothing on the pill bottle or online says absolutely not to do it. It did say that it cause cause dizziness, upset stomach and blurred vision when mixed with alcohol, but that the drug can cause those side effects on its own and alcohol may or may not make them worse. If I feel fine now, and obviously can tolerate the antibiotic with no side effects, is it safe to say I can go out for a couple tonight? Looking for answers in the next 2 hours or so, preferably from people with experience mixing the two and not just restating things on other websites.  Thanks.
If I don't usually react to antibiotics, is it likely that azithromycin will make me vomit? I suffer from acid reflux and the medicine (250 mg) made my reflux act up, but is it very likely that it will make me sick? Thanks!
I was prescribed 1 gram of azithromycin but I've heard it can mess your stomach up. Will taking phenergan help with the stomach problems from the side effects?
swollen lymph node under my jaw,now its gone into my salivary gland swelling my cheek.the dr gave me a refil in case i needed it ,im to apply a warm washcloth to my swollen gland. should i go get another refil of the azithromycin?
have took these tabs together and am now getting stomach cramps and feeling sick ,
I am taking azithromycin medicine since 6 month So can it be harmful for me or not I am taking azithromycin for my pimples
Today my doctor gave me some azithromycin for my sore throat and I heard its not good to drink while on antibiotics but I rea the packet and it didnt say anything against drinking. Tomorrows my best friends 21 birthday and I was wondering what I should do (being the sober Sally is not an option). I'm also willing to skip the antibiotics for the day so I can drink or maybe I can just take the antibiotic in the early morning since I won't be drinking until later on.... Please help!!!! I'm desperate!
how long does azithromycin (Zithromax) stay in your system after taking it ? i took 4 pills today and that is all i have to take for what it is being used for and i was just wonderning how long it takes to get out of your system. and as well i was wondering if taking birth control has any side effects with it. PLEASE ANSWER.
I have been taking the predisone for a couple of days, 1 tablet every 4-5 hours with no side effects. I am also to take my azyrthomicin around 6pm (same time as predisone tablet), and I start to get a mild headache and sometimes a slightly slighty more noticeable heartbeat.  Is that normal? also noteworthy is that when i took the azyrthromicyn i did get a slightly pounding heartbeat and headache, and my heartbeat was also slightly irregular
how long does azithromycin (Zithromax) stay in your system after taking it ? i took 4 pills today and that is all i have to take for what it is being used for and i was just wonderning how long it takes to get out of your system. and as well i was wondering if taking birth control has any side effects with it. PLEASE ANSWER.

how long does azithromycin (Zithromax) stay in your system after taking it ? i took 4 pills today and that is all i have to take for what it is being used for and i was just wonderning how long it takes to get out of your system. and as well i was wondering if taking birth control has any side effects with it. PLEASE ANSWER.

I'm taking miralax to help my constipation problem and I had bronchitis and I was giving a prescription drug called Azithromycin Tablets USP 250mg .. I'm 14 years old too if that's helps
I was prescribed azithromycin(Z pack) antibiotic for bronchitis. I experienced no side effects until I took my last pill yesterday. After that I had a bad stomach ache off and on all day with gas but nothing happened. Today I have had a lot of diarrhea and some nausea. Could this be from the antibiotic or is it maybe just my IBS acting up? Despite the holidays I've been doing a good job of following my diet to keep my IBS under control so I don't know if it could be that. I've heard of having diarrhea while taking the antibiotics but is it normal to have diarrhea after finishing them?
Is it o.k to mix these together?
My doctor prescribed me Azithromycin today. It is to help my sore/itchy throat and runny nose. I got it today so I have to take 2 today, then 1 everyday for 4 days. That is 5 days of medication all together btw. So I already took 1 and I'm planning on taking another one before I sleep. I am getting this pain in my lower abdomen. I am also getting headaches. I was wonder is this normal to get abdominal pain and headaches?
Is the Treatment still going be effective?
Ok i have chlamydia and to cure it I need to take 1000mg or 1g of Azithromycin or Zithromax and all the online stores keep saying aquatic Azithromycin is it safe?
Azithromycin 250mg. I took 2.  I'm now nauseated, and am getting stomach pain every few minutes. Is this normal for someone on this med?
Well I had a pap smear and it came back negative no problems. But I wanted to go check back again for some other issues and apparently I have a bacteria infection and she said my cervix is a lot more red...sooOo...just in case she wants me to take zithromycin  and tested for gonorrhea and chlamydia again even though I didn't have a new partner Update:  Update: I'm paranoid. Update: Yeah I feel great now. My stomach was rumbling and it might be.....you know LMAO. Update:  Update: I feel so hungry right now I feel fine Update: Well I had a pap smear and it came back negative no problems. But I wanted to go check back again for some other issues and apparently I have a bacteria infection and she said my cervix is a lot more red...sooOo...just in case she wants me to take zithromycin     and tested for gonorrhea and chlamydia again even...
i took the tablets at 2.40pm and threw up at 4pm. does this mean there out of my system now and will have to take them again!!?? i dont know what to do until i go to the doctors tomorrow but i do want some little answers now please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! xxx clamydia tablets
 hi, I've had some really bad bacterial infection for last 3 weeks. Have been out of College for last week. Doctor prescribed me Amoxil. After taking it for 8 days i didn't see much difference.  Now I have been prescribed azithromycin. Anyone else had this antobiotic before and is it stronger then Amoxil ?  When will I start seeing some improvement ?  Male, 21
i was prescribed a 5 day dose of azithromycin and was wondering how long after the prescription is done with can i have alcohol
I took a 5 dose Z Pack starting January 3rd for possibly strep (though I was prescribed the antibiotics without a throat culture, so unknown if it was really strep).  Not sure if the Azithromycin is still even in my system anymore, but I've still been feeling achy and fatigued this past week (I never felt completely over whatever I had from earlier in January).  I took one dose of Noni Juice yesterday (January 24th), because it helps with achiness and boosts immune system.  Some people say Noni Juice has some antibiotic like qualities, and I'm just concerned that taking it, or continuing to take it will affect the antibiotics efficiency from a few weeks ago.  Is this something I should be concerned about?
I have been suffering from a sinus infection for 2 weeks and finally decided to goto the doctor. He prescribed a Z-pack.  After taking the first dosage, I began to develop a sore throat.Now its 1AM and I can't sleep b/c its so sore?  What the HELL?  can anybody tell me if this is a side effect or what it is?  thanks

I took 4 zithromax (azithromycin) pills at about 1.20 today to treat chlamydia. At 5.20 (4 hours later) I had diarrhoea and I am worried this will have effected the pills from working. Do I need to go back to the clinic to take another 4 pills or will they have absorbed into my system by now?

I'm taking azithromycin for a sinus infection, also 28 weeks pregnant. I took my first 2 pills last night at 9:00. This morning I'm having diareah. My question is can you feel side effect with not even 24 hours of taking antibiotic?
PID treatment... I was in a coma back in 1997 and the doctor gave me erythromycin- I had a severe allergic reaction and never took it after that (I was in a coma and didn't even know lol) I STILL have small white bumps all over my chest from the hives but they are not a problem... Now I possibly have PID and I'm living in a developing country temporarily so the advanced medicine is not here yet. (I was diagnosed with BV like 3 years ago, 0 response to the doxycycline-metronidazole combination then. Now, my question is, since doctors here seem to get their med degree from Cracker Jacks, I'm kinda on my own lol If I have had a previous allergic reaction to erythromycin would I expect a reaction to taking Azithromycin? Same drug class I guess... but have read that people with erythromycin have not really had any issues with the Z... I live in a jungle... I really do lol and I'm surrounded by idiots! [please don't ask...] I went to one of the top gynos here and got a 2 second peek into my vag and cervix...then told  oh, it's just a common infection take this and this and you'll be ok  Seriously...no culture? I'm like lady- how do you know???you SEE the infection- the bacteria- and you just KNOW? [venting...sorry...] Thanks in advance!
I'd like a doctor or someone in the field of medicine/antibiotics knowledge to help me understand. I read the half life is 68 hours and it takes 5 half lives to finish the course of this particular antibiotic if you take 500mg. So would it take 29-30 days for this dosage to be completely out of my system. I have symptoms such as abdominal pain, upset stomach, nausea, headaches and would love for this to be done with. I've been to the E.R.[21 days after taking it] and the E.R.[14 days after taking it] once since I've taken it and they said it could just be symptomatic problems and my physical looked good. It now has been roughly 24 days since I've taken 1 gram of Azithromycin and i'm still thinking it's causing symptoms that are really unpleasant. I only had diarrhea once throughout the 24 days and I drink a lot of water and eat healthy.[some fast food but who doesn't?] I've also been trying to workout and exercise thinking it could be from stress/anxiety but i'm still quite unsure if the antibiotic has even left my body. Thank you for taking the time to read this and I hope to hear from someone!  10 points for legit answer. I have no kidney or any sort of health problems whatsoever besides Anxiety/Stress. I'll try the yogurt as many people say to do. Thanks for replying! :-)  I've been prescribed to Promethazine, Benyl and Tramadol but all of these have side effects that are similar to what I have now and I don't like to take pills unless I certainly have to. Update: I have no kidney or any sort of health problems whatsoever besides Anxiety/Stress. I'll try the yogurt as many people say to do. Thanks for replying! :-)  I've been prescribed to Promethazine, Benyl and Tramadol but all of these have side effects that are similar to what I have now and I don't like to take pills...
so today is my 18th birthday and i have a huge house party planned, but I've been prescribed 1 card(6 tablets) of azithromycin is it ok to drink and partake in my celebration!? I've only taken the first dose
Alright so for those of you who know what this drug is, its an antibiotic type thing given to me for bronchitis. Its a 5 day thing, and today is the 5th day. I took it every morning and well, its actualy sorta the 6th day. I know it sounds a bit ridiculous, but over the past hour or so ive been becoming sadder and sadder, and it was a big depressing mess. I was in tears, in more emotional pain than when my girlfriend of 3 years cheated on me. Over nothing too.Nothing triggered it. I have no idea why i was feeling like this, but in the midst of my random depression i rememberd i had to take the pill. Within 20 minutes I was okay. And 30 minutes later i was happy.  My question is  Is it possible i either got hooked to this thing/ is there a possibility that a side effect is depression. Im worried, because, well, i sorta just ran out.  Im a happy, mentally stable person, with no real problems in my life. Update: I wasnt really sick anymore. Felt fine, just had a nasty cough. But i had a great day and all went out with friends and such. Update:  Update: And i never herd of a reaction like this with antibiotics either, which is whats kinda worrying me. Update: And not everyone has the same side effects to drugs.
Hello  I was prescribed a 5 day prescription of azithromycin on Wednesday.  I want to drink Saturday night.  I usually drink vodka and soda, but i could drink beer if it would be better for me.  I feel completely over my sickness as of today (Friday).  Should I skip my dose tomorrow (Saturday) and drink? Should I take my dose and drink anyway? Or can I not drink at all?  Basically what will the consequences be if I drink?
Ok starting a day after my bday june 29th I started a bad sinus infection doctor gave me amoxicillin and it went away but now im left with a bad ear infection. No pain just clogged feeling and fluid. The doc this time gave me azithromycin. Never taken before. Please if anyone has, tell me your side effects with it. I took it two hours ago and now im feeling sick to my stomach.  I also scared myself reading online it said it is a med that can cause death. Please help
im in need of some serious help here! about a month ago i had a bad ear infection and my doctor perscribed azithromycin  (also taken in the past) and i took it and the ear infection went away.. then about 2 weeks later, i woke up, and i had EXTREME sound sensitivity and went  deaf in my one ear, it came back though but i had vertigo too for weeks.   I now have another ear infection and he gave me the same medication and i just notced hearing loss was a side effect  i dont know what to do now my ear hurts really bad but i dont want to take something that  might of messed up my hearing!
I have had (and still have) a bad cough. I was diagnosed with bronchitis and have just finished my five day azithromycin prescription. I haven't noticed any real improvement and my cough is still very deep and painful. Occasionally I do cough-up mucus, but i feels like there is some down too deep for me to cough up. I'm worried that I have something more serious or that the medicine was in effective. I do not have health insurance so that adds to my problem and concerns. i don't know if i should wait it out a bit longer to see if the medicine works or what to do. Any suggestion would be appreciated. Thank you for your time!
Day 4 of Z-pak (azithromycin) and I have the pounding heartbeat side effect. Risks? Should I stop taking it? I have had the common symtoms like diharrea and an upset stomach but now I have a pounding heartbeat at times and slight chest pain. Any thing to watch for or any thing I should be concerned about? I'm taking azithromycin for a sinus infection. I haven't noticed a rapid(more rapid than normal) heartbeat or irregular. I haven't noticed them at least.
I am allergic to a lot of drugs- even common ones like amoxicillin and Benedryl.  Today I was diagnosed with Bronchitis (induced asthma). I was put on a breathing machine shortly after the Dr, heard my lungs. I believe this is from the bad air quality at work. Our building is currently closed because the entire staff is sick with upper respiratory issues. Now me included.  I was prescribed Azithromycin. I've never had it before and am afraid to take it. Are side effects common? And if there are side effects, do they go away quickly once the drug has been stopped? Should I take it?
i went to hosp,today they said i had high blood presser thats it.i had shortness of breath again tonight ater going shopping?i got back and neck pain,they did,ent do a blood test i feel worse now then i did before i took the med.i was asking about the after effects of that med azithromycin.
At 2130, I began taking 3 tablets of 20mg Prednisone and 1 tablet of Azithromycin 500mg. At 0100, I couldn't stop coughing and took 2 tablets of Mucinex-D as recommended. I also rubbed a small amount of Vick's vapor rub on my chest. It is now 0523 and I am having a few questionable side effects. I haven't been able to sleep (tossing and turning all night), my chest aches, my cough is now in my chest, my heart rate has increased, as well as urination. I have also been experiencing night sweats on and off with the chills. I feel worse than I did before taking the medication. I did a little bit of research on the side effects and was suggested to call my doctor immediately in the morning. Seeing as it is Saturday, are there any other suggestions? Are these severe side effects, or common side effects that should be ignored? I am becoming worried and need some reassurance before running to the emergency room in about 5 minutes due to concern. Thanks.  (I am generally a healthy 25 year-old Caucasian female taking no other medications aside from birth control.)
Just would like to know if anyone could help me out. I'm 6 weeks pregnant and went to the doctors today because I've been having sharp pains in my lower abdomen on one side. When she did a physical examination and placed pressure on the area I was complaining about, it hurt a lot. So I went to have an ultrasound which ruled out an ectopic pregnancy but they still couldn't tell why I was getting this pain. So the doctor did swabs to test for any infections including chlamydia. She wont get the results for a few days but prescribed azithromycin for me to take just in case. I'm really paranoid about taking medicines during pregnancy, so I searched the net whether its safe to take. And it says I should only take it if I really need too. Should I still take it and risk it? Or should I just wait till I get the results back and then take it if I need too? The doctor said its safe during pregnancy, but I'm reading different things on the internet.
I went to the doctor yesterday, I tested positive for having the flu and some bacterial infection so the doctor prescribed me for azithromycin. I took it yesterday, and I had watery diarrhea, I took it again today, same thing. It's a little bizarre to me, but do I still take it? Thanks.
I took 4 Azithromycin tablets for chlamydia at the clinic and then 2 hours later had diarrhoea, do I need more tablets? I'm sure the nurse said if I was sick or had diarrhoea within 2 or 3 hours then I needed more. Would taking Azithromcyin suspension stop me from being ill? No definitely Azithromycin, I have the leaflet here
hey I'm taking this antibiotic for sinus and ear infection called azithromycin.  But I'm having severe symptoms unrelated to infection. Can antibiotics cause severe stomach pain, diarrhea and fatigue? and some appetite loss
Has anyone had this, and had to take an antibiotic called azithromycin? Have you had any of the side effects, and does it really work?
What should I do?  This is NOT a joke!!! My lips are swelling. =/
I have recently taken a dosage of Azithromycin, an antiobiotic prescribed for my sinus and ear infections. This was the last dosage of antibiotics I had to take after taking it for 5 days. I would like to know what would happen if I took Concerta and/or Ritalin the next day. Will it make the antibiotic less effective? Thanks!  *note: I am not prescribed for Concerta or Ritalin, but hope to take it to help me study for a midterm. *If you can't answer the question, then don't answer it. I didn't ask if possessing Concerta or Ritalin was a felony, I didn't ask whether I should take it or not, I didn't ask for sweeping generalizations about my study habits, I didn't ask about the  real world,  I asked about the effects of antibiotics (specifically a final dosage of azithromycin) combined with Concerta and/or Ritalin. Thanks. Update: *If you can't answer the question, then don't answer it. I didn't ask if possessing Concerta or Ritalin was a felony, I didn't ask whether I should take it or not, I didn't ask for sweeping generalizations about my study habits, I didn't ask about the  real world,  I asked about...
It's a five day treatment and i just took the first does today.  I felt the side effects like nausea diarrhea and abdominal pain(didn't really bothered me).  Should i stop taking it or what? Also is it good to take it during school? because I'm a junior at a H.S i took one dose today at 12:30 p.m will i have to take it the exact time the next day?
if i take azithromycin can it hurt me if i dont have a bacteris infection - I want to get a prescription from my dentist tomorrow but if i dont have an infection can it hurt me I want it because i think i got chlamydia from my ex I smell funny down there oh and i made a doctors apointment next week but i see my dentist tomorrow and i want it gone, I had it before and the same thing is happening.....
I just took one gram of azithromycin for an infection and now I have a horrible stomach ache. Any suggestions?
They put me on this for a sinus infection. 500mg the first day and 250mg for the next 4 days. Welp, i took it and had some nausea but then got the MOST HORRIBLE stomach cramps. I couldnt walk and couldnt breathe and i was doubled over almost in tears. Anyone else have this effect? How did you feel while taking this?
I had the Z-Pak thing, one 500 mg tablet a day for three days. And how long do the side effects last? Also, I took it for a sinus infection that turned out to be walking pneumonia caused by some bacteria that starts with an  m  after trying amoxicillin and then augmentin. I've had this for about a month. I finished the Z-Pak two days ago, and I'm supposed to wait 12 more days before calling my doctor again. I can't tell any difference yet. What will happen if it doesn't get better?
Its been 3 days and I no longer fell dizzy but when i cough my head hurts.
Is there any adverse effect in weight lifting and taking the antibiotic Azithromycin? or taking an energy drink  i was only able to find information on fluoroquinolones and that they are bad to take and do strenuous exercise with.  Thanks for any info.
My doctor prescribed Azithromycin (or however you spell it) last Monday and I took the last dose on Wednesday. Yesterday (Saturday), I started experiencing some of the  side effects  listed on the sheet. Is it possible it's being caused (still) by the antibiotics or am I probably sick with something else?
ok turns out i have chlamydia yes i know eww but all i had to do is take pills so it can go away and it says on a paper they gaved me to not drink alcoholic beverages for 7 days.if i was to drink alcohol will it affect it in any way???
Stomach pains I heard it's the side effects so that mean the antibiotics is working?

I've been perscribed azithromycin for my tonsillitis, taking two 250mg capsules once a day, it is now the third day and i feel no better, still getting fevers of 102 - 103 every night, my throat is killing me, and i feel extremely off. It seems like nothing has changed at all. When should i start feeling better?

Today I've been treated for chlymidia with a single dose of Azithromycin, I'm in an extrem amount of pain, I'm feeling sick and have stomach pain, can I take any sort of painkillers?
I am 4 days past my periods due date and i have been prescribed azithromycin for a pretty bad sinus infection/sore throat. I have taken it before and had no side effects but now im experiencing slight nausea and stomach upset. I dont know whether i am or not but just in case..is it safe to take while pregnant? i took a hpt yesterday and it was negative but the test was $4 and only picks up a hcg level of 100 so it might have been false...
Also which dose were you taking per day?
i had 2x500mg of azithromycin yesterday night...had some side effects today like diarrhea...but still the irritation persists..i get burning and itching sensation on the tip of my penis once in a while even when i sit and watch tv..its random..there is also uneasiness when i pee....so how long does it take to completly recover and be back to normal...do i need to take any other medicines and anti-biotics???...please suggest
4 days ago I woke up with a swollen throat and went to work thinking it was nothing. I started to feel tired and sound funny. I went to the doctor and they did a strep test and it was negative so he prescribed me Azithromycin. That was Monday and I had diarrhea on Tuesday and my nose started running on Thursday and now it is Thursday and I feel Exhausted and when I breath in I my chest sounds like it is has something in it. What is going on? I am almost done with the antibiotics and I am still sick, like it is moving around my body.
Just wondering because I have tonsilitis and there aren't many antibiotics I can take because of allergies, but the z-pack is a very safe one for me - however, I am in australia and they've never heard of azithromycin!!!! Help please.
I took azithromycin 500 mg 1 dose. I wanted to know how long the treatment stay in your immune system I took the pill 2 days ago and i am still having the side effect. Is that suppose to happen?

I've been taking azythromacin for 4 days now and I awoke today with some mild allergies but later in the day I had a bad runny nose! I'm wondering if this is a normal side affect? I still have the runny nose right now and I do have a bacterial infection in my throat. I have a sore throat as well.
I am on Azithromycin for strep throat, a five day pack where I took 2 the first day and 1 a day for the next 4 days. I am on my third day now. I felt fine the first 2 days and now, on the third day, I had diarrhea. Is this because the medicine is building up, so side effects are arising? I'm worried that the medicine will make me vomit because I have a phobia of vomiting. Is it possible to suffer from side effects as the medicine builds up or would I have felt them with the initial dose?  Also, has anyone ever taken Azithromycin and not had side effects?
I've been feeling weird (depersonalized/anxiety weird) every since I started taking zpak for a week. It's been about 3 1/2 weeks since I've finished taking them, and I still feel weird. Albeit, I've improved, but still feel weird nonetheless.
I am allergic to a lot of drugs- even common ones like amoxicillin and Benedryl.  Today I was diagnosed with Bronchitis (induced asthma). I was put on a breathing machine shortly after the Dr, heard my lungs. I believe this is from the bad air quality at work. Our building is currently closed because the entire staff is sick with upper respiratory issues. Now me included.  I was prescribed Azithromycin. I've never had it before and am afraid to take it. Are side effects common? And if there are side effects, do they go away quickly once the drug has been stopped? Should I take it?
I got an STD check last Thursday. My results came back Thursday just there, and came back positive for Chlamydia. I went back on Friday to get treatment which I believe was azithromycin. It was 4 capsules with a cup of water and that was it. She said it would take 7 days to clear and may experience diarrhoea, feel sick & upset stomach which I have. It's been since Friday and my stomach below is feeling horrible. Is this just caused by the antibiotics telling me its working? I believe I can't have sex for a further 5/6 days. When can you also consume alcohol? She didn't say when I was there? Thank you.
I'm taking azithromycin tablets for an ear infection, and also benzomycin for acne.  Will there be any side effects from taking these together?
My doctor prescribed Azithromycin (or however you spell it) last Monday and I took the last dose on Wednesday. Yesterday (Saturday), I started experiencing some of the  side effects  listed on the sheet. Is it possible it's being caused (still) by the antibiotics or am I probably sick with something else?
Azithromycin 250mg. I took 2.  I'm now nauseated, and am getting stomach pain every few minutes. Is this normal for someone on this med?
I took azithromycin today. It was a one dosage of four tablets (250 mg). I'm feeling very queasy and just want to know how long the side effects will last?
Hey what's up. I just had a question to ask about this medication? Is it like Amoxocillin or Bactrum. Reason is because I had a Arousal Problem two years ago and haved worked to stop this ritual and have been sucessful in extending the time for doing so. My Anxieties and Obsessiveness don't help, it's a relaxer, but sometimes it irritates the genital Area, is it normal to hurt after such a ritual? and for that manner, is it really necessary to worry that I will get an infection because my mind obsesses that it thinks i'm going to get an infection. BTW I Will break this habbit and I'm continuing to do so and I know it's healthy for a man's prostate I just am wondering if the hurt is as well, I went from every other day to 1-2 weeks so i'm doin better, and will continue to do so. Please no bad answers thank You Justin
The antibiotic Azithromycin tabletes? Hi, I went to the emergency room a few days ago in regards to pain I was having in my ear. They told me I got a really bad ear infection. I started to take this antibiotic called Azithromycin tablets. The first day I took it wasn't so bad. but I woke up this morning with that side of my face all red and hot and my nose was draining and congested. Is this normal for a antibiotic ? and will this ever clear up. I had the infection for over a week now but I didn't know I was having a ear infection, I thought it was a toothache. 13 minutes ago - 4 days left to answer. Additional Details Also is it ok for me to take a tylenol or something for the pain? or will it interact funny with it? 10 minutes ago  And also I find myself peeing alot now
I've gotten diarrhea and and my lower abdomen hurts. I went to wikipedia and saw the side effects where those. I just wanted to know how long these will last because it's a little painful.
I am having some of the more serious side effects like hissing in my ears and irregular heartbeat.
I was wondering if a doctor prescribe me 2 pills of azithromycin at 250mg if that would be enough to get rid of chlamydia?He told me to take two at one time
I took azithromycin 500mg single dose at the clinic. To treat my chlamydia, 3 days after taking it I experienced a cold like symptoms. I had a fever/temperature and abit of a headache. Are these just side affects to the antibiotics? I've been sick for 2 days now.
Well.... Umm If have chlamydia and I take Azithromycin, and my boyfriend doesn't know if he has it or not but want to take one just in case what will be the side-effects of him taking one??? What will happen....?
Can I substitute clarythromycin for azithromycin for one dose? I have a mean case of bronchitis. My doctor prolonged my course of azithromycin. However, my pharmacy was closed today due to the holiday, so I couldn't pick up my refill. I hate to miss a day because I really want to get this infection out of my system. I have an unused bottle of clindomycin in my medicine chest. It is not expired. What if I took one dose to bridge the gap since they are both macrolide antibiotics?
Sorry in advance for the gory details.  9 days ago, I took a single dose of Azithromycin for an infection. 4 capsules, taken all at once. Since I took these I've been experiencing a couple of side effects that have gotten noticeably worse. For one, I have this incessant itching. It's mostly on my upper body, and just today I noticed the skin on my arms beginning to flake / peel. My skin has never been dry or problematic, I've never even needed to use moisturizer. Haven't changed soaps or laundry detergent. So I figure the Azithromycin must have something to do with it. Second, I've had some pain and itching  down there , as well as some abnormal discharge. I had my period a week early because I stopped taking my birth control, and that was also not normal - Really dark, almost black/brown. Aside from that, discharge has been a very very light brownish-pinkish colour.  Does this sound unusual or serious? Does it even have anything to do with the Azithromycin? I shouldn't still be experiencing side effects 9 days later, should I?  Yes, I am going to go see a doctor when I can. My next question, should I see the family doctor or the gynocologist?
Im breastfeeding my one month old son and was prescribed Azithromycin to help fight off a cold and to avoid getting a sore throat/ strep(I get this very easily) Anyways I googled it and it says the medication goes to the breast milk to the baby, but the doctor said its safe to take and not very much will go to him. Im not too sure what to do, i dont know how itll affect my son and just want to be safe...Any help is appreciated, thank you :)
I took it for a sinus Infection I had a week ago I took them accordingly to the directions and  had  side effects a  few times due to the which was  (Diarrhea)  and i noticed during taking this my heart rate sounded different  and I also have Asthma  I talked to my Doctor and he recommended that I took that to help should I talk to him again about the heart rate or should I wait  until it's out of my system?
What are the side effects of the z-pack? And will it contribute tho weight gain or loss?
I have been prescribed with azithromycin tablet for Acne Problem . Now I have fever. can I take paracetamol with Azithromycin , will it have any side effects ?
I'm on the third day of treatment (for ear ache) with two days left.  Yesterday, the second day, I had to hershey squirt several times in the day.  Today, I did twice within the first hour of waking up, and many more times subsequently.  Is there anything I can take to counter this side effect?
So i just started treatment for Chlamydia. My doctor prescribed two 500 mg pills of Azithromycin. Literally after 1 hour of taken it, i started having bad abdominal pains and i vomited. I know this is a side effect. My question is, is there anything i can take or eat to keep my stomach from being upset as i go through treatment. Also, does my vomiting have any effect on the medicine. Like when i vomited did i also vomit some of the medicine and will it effect my treatment?
Am doing research on this medication of late one my brother was given such a medicen and it resulted into keen baouging.all i know is the guy given wrong medication pliz help
Taking the Z-pack for a sinus infection that returned after a month (was on Amoxicillan before).  I have had a few UTI's in my life, and tend to get at least 1 sinus infection a year, so antibiotics are not new to me, although the z-pack is.  Since taking the Z-pack, I have had loose stools (not full fledged diarrhea, but definitely softer stools).  They are normal in color however.  Also, some slight stomach cramping, but nothing severe.  Also have had small bouts of dizziness/facial pressure where my sinuses are.  They aren't bad, and the spells usually only last a few minutes at a time, maybe 2 or 3 times a day.  Also have had nausea, and last night I did vomit, although it was self inflicted due to an extremely upset stomach.  There was even a small - tiny - amount of red blood mixed with the vomit, although I do know that that can happen from time to time.  I did have 2 glasses of wine yesterday but my pharmacist said a couple glasses of wine is ok, just not to overdo it and drink at least 6 hours after taking the med.  Anyway, are these normal side effects from the Z-pack?  I know the Z-pack is well tolerated generally.  I've taken Amox, bactrim, cipro, before and rarely had side effects.  I'm also taking a probiotic to replace the good bacteria.  So these side effects are a bit worrisome since I typically respond ok to medications, I rarely experience side effects.
I believe it was called the z-pack! Or 6 pack. I believe z-pack & 6 pack are the same thing.  I started taking the medication on sept 5th. I quit taking it 5 days later. I would say about the 9th or 10th. It stayed in my system for awhile after that. Yesterday i was still feeling pretty nauseous yet. My appetite is still not quite back to normal yet. I just read on the box that the medication can stay in your system for 6-10 days. I just read that as i was looking at the box now. Has any one that took this medication & was done with taking the medication & it still affected there appetite & also made them nauseous as well to?Today is day number 10 that the medication would be in my system for. I am feeling ok right now. Not hungry yet. I get an upset stomach when I eat sugar. I ate some bushes baked beans last nite & got nauseous from that to.  Another main side effect that i was having was i getting panic attacks. I think that was the worst part of the medication. I had alot of anxiety while taking the medication.  I also could not hear when i took the medication either. I had stomach upset or diarrhea but i already knew that was going to happen. That's common with antibiotics.  I think that was all of my side effects from this medication. I couldn't never ever take this medication again cause of that panic attacks & anxiety. What side effects did u get from this drug?The same as me or did you get different side effects?Thanks for answering my question.
I've been getting side effects of azithromycin when taking the pills. Tomorrow is the last day i have to take the pill, but since it stays in your body even after you're done taking the pills, will i still experience the side effects?
I am 19 years old and was diagnosed with a bacterial infection and bronchitis.  My doctor prescribed the Azithromycin 250MG Z pack.  I took one pill today and the side effects have been extremely painful.  I have had severe stomach pains for hours and just had really bad diarrhea.  I am really afraid that this will get worse.  Is this somewhat normal or should I think about going to the hospital?  Did anyone else take this medicine and have a similar reaction?  I don't know if eating would help or hurt but I think it would probably make it worse.  I can't contact my doctor until tomorrow.

my dr gave me a prescription for 2 500mg of azithromyvin and now I have the worse stomach.pain.bad diarrhea and nausea how long will this take to stop
im 39 weeks pregnant and i just took a drug called co-azithromycin i had to take all 8 tablets at one time its a 250 mg pill each tablet. my doc said to take them as soon as possible because im due in two days and he wants to cure my chlamydia before the baby comes i called mother risk and asked about it and they said it should be fine because your almost due so the baby wont be harmed, but my question is what are the side effects of this drug? can this drug cause me any serious harm? has anyone taken this drug and the exact doseage as i did and if so what are the side effects should i be worried???
I was taking Zithromax (Arithromacin) antibiotic for 5 days for a sinus infection (It's like 6 pills, and you take 2 the first day, and 1 ea. day after). I completed the treatment on Sunday, with no side effects. Today (Wednesday) I woke up feeling like normal, then while I was getting dressed for class, I felt extremely nauseated and spent 5 minutes  vomiting,  along with being hit with a hot flash. However, nothing came up except for air. After  vomiting,  I drank some water, and the nausea completely disappeared. It was like nothing ever happened. Could this be related to the antibiotics I was taking, or could this be something unrelated?
I've been on the antibiotic for one day and I've been having horrible diarrhea for a few hours now.  Has anyone ever gone through this and know what to do?  Any suggestions would be much appreciated!
Last night, I took two single dose tablets of azithromycin to treat chlamydia.  A few hours later, I had very watery diarrhea constantly. Even this morning the diarrhea was continuing. Is this serious and something I should inform my doctor about? Or should I wait and see what happens?



When taking antibiotics or medications, are there any side effects that should really be sending off red flags? 9 days ago I took a single dose of Azithromycin / Zithromax for an infection. Can I still experience side effects so long after taking the antibiotics?
I was diegnosed with Clamida on monday and the doctor gave me some pills to take. its now friday and im having severe stomach pains. do you think it could be a side effect of the pills i took on monday>?
i was prescribed this anti biotic yesterday and was told to take all 4 tablets at the same time after food, so i took them at breakfast about 11am, now i have diarreha :( how long will this last as it was only a single dose, i dont have anymore tablets to take ?
I went to the doctors yesterday and he said I had some fluid in one of my lungs and he gave me azithromycin tablets to help cure it. I took them about 1-2 hours after eating then about 2 minutes later i ate some thai food. after taking a few bites i had extremely painful chest pain, like it was burning and i honestly wanted to die, followed by a stomach ache. My neck started feeling weird and i had the urge to throw up so i went to the kitchen and sat on the floor then i threw up two times. That was the first time i ever took those tablets, and now im supossed to take them today, but i'm afraid that same pain will happen again. Any suggestions why this happened or how to take these tablets without symptoms like this? I'm thirteen by the way. Sorry if this is in the wrong category, i didn't know where to put it.
Side effects if I take a Azithromycin and then a Sudafed?
I'm taking this for a strep infection, and I'm on day 3 of a 5 day pack. I take it on an empty stomach, like I'm supposed to, but when I eat, this stuff makes me horribly nauseous and gives me really bad gas. Like the kind of gas that makes your stomach painfully bloated. It doesn't appear to be working on the infection, cause it still hurts and there are still spots on my throat. But I can't call the doctor's office until Monday...  Should I keep taking them? Or stop and wait until I call on Monday?  Thanks!
My doctor prescribed this for my sinus infection. I'm just wondering what are the possible side effects of this drug?
I took Azithromycin this past week because I was developing a lung type of cold thing (doctors didn't tell me what it was, just gave me some antibiotics).  Today I woke up extremely itchy and I looked in the mirror and I'm covered in hives and red patches that itch like no other.  I took some Benadryl around 9:30 this morning and now I still am itchy and puffy. My fingers are swelling up so badly I needed to take off my rings  Now here's the question: I take Zyrtec daily for allergies.  Can I take more Benadryl even though I'm taking a daily antihistamine?
Did you have any side-effects?
I took a gram of azithromycin about 4 days ago. Since then I've had muscle weakness, gas, bloating and mild abdominal pain. Are these side effects of azithromycin and if so how long do they last?
Hi I'm takin the azithromycin and well this is embarrassing but I'm having constant loose stoole and its bright green and I'm getting worried
I took 4 pills of Azithromycin about 2 weeks ago for chlamydia.. I feel as if I still have the infection but anyways ever since I took the pills I have been dizzy everyday Nd at the end of the day I have a headache , also I am never hungry I force myself to eat and drink plenty of water even if I feel like I have to throw up after. I went to the gyno today and they gave me a shot of penicillin. Still feel dizzy .
Day 4 of Z-pak (azithromycin) and I have the pounding heartbeat side effect. Risks? Should I stop taking it? I have had the common symtoms like diharrea and an upset stomach but now I have a pounding heartbeat at times and slight chest pain. Any thing to watch for or any thing I should be concerned about? I'm taking azithromycin for a sinus infection. I haven't noticed a rapid(more rapid than normal) heartbeat or irregular. I haven't noticed them at least.
I was prescribed azithromycin by one doctor and doxycycline by another. Both to treat the same condition-sinusitis.  I have a really sensitive gi tract and was wondering which of these medicines is generally better tolerated? Thanks
15 days ago, While cleaning sump with Bleaching power, I inhaled Chlorine (a little). I contacted a Doctor over phone and he suggested to take Azithromycin (500mg) and Alex tablet (Throat soother). From the day I took the above tablets, I have to go to Toilet 3 - 4 times a day. Is there any remedy.

I took Azithromycin on Thursday (12-15). An hour after taking that I had really bad nausea and I wanted to vomit and had diarrhea (Eww) . Of course I read that it is normal side effects so I didn't think too much of it. Friday came and went, but now it is Saturday and I'm starting to have spotting of blood. Is this normal?  Keep in mind I haven't had my period for the last two months, it has only been brown discharge, no blood. My period is scheduled to start in 9 days. Could my period be starting early? Update: I am also feeling under the weather. I have a sore throat, I feel that achy/cold sensation when I get sick. Though I'm thinking this could be from living with two sick toddlers, walking to the store last night in the freezing cold and the winter weather.
I believe it was called the z-pack! Or 6 pack. I believe z-pack & 6 pack are the same thing.  I started taking the medication on sept 5th. I quit taking it 5 days later. I would say about the 9th or 10th. It stayed in my system for awhile after that. Yesterday i was still feeling pretty nauseous yet. My appetite is still not quite back to normal yet. I just read on the box that the medication can stay in your system for 6-10 days. I just read that as i was looking at the box now. Has any one that took this medication & was done with taking the medication & it still affected there appetite & also made them nauseous as well to?Today is day number 10 that the medication would be in my system for. I am feeling ok right now. Not hungry yet. I get an upset stomach when I eat sugar. I ate some bushes baked beans last nite & got nauseous from that to.  Another main side effect that i was having was i getting panic attacks. I think that was the worst part of the medication. I had alot of anxiety while taking the medication.  I also could not hear when i took the medication either. I had stomach upset or diarrhea but i already knew that was going to happen. That's common with antibiotics.  I think that was all of my side effects from this medication. I couldn't never ever take this medication again cause of that panic attacks & anxiety. What side effects did u get from this drug?The same as me or did you get different side effects?Thanks for answering my question.
To be more clear I am wondering if the medicine will still be effective although I vomited so quickly

I was put on the Z-Pack for a bronchial infection and the first two days were fine, but now I'm getting the diarrhea side effect.  It says you shouldn't take an anti-diarrhea med while on it because it could counteract the Z-Pack.  So how can I balance this out?  I started with some extra fiber today but i was wondering if there was a pro-biotic that would help till I get through this.  I HATE this side effect.  I'm afraid to wander to far from home.....LOL
So today my doctor prescribed be azithomycin a.k.a. the z pack and i was feeling perfectly fine for about an hour or so and then my stomach started hurting and cramping and i got really really nauseated. I did not vomit however around two hours later i suddenly got diarrhea. so far it hasn't been alot just twice but i feel like i am going to have more. I'm not sure if this is a stomach bug or side effect? the back label said it could cause diarrhea and vomitting but i'm not sure still. I dont feel sick and haven't felt sick all day up until i took the pill. could it be a bug or just bad side effects??
I'm on two 500mg tablets once today, and once in one week to knock out a bacterial infection. I took my first dose of two today at 3pm. The reason it's once weekly for two weeks is because I already have stomach problems, and my doctor wanted to take it easy on me. However, it's not so easily taken because I am extremely nauseous, having sour stomach/stomach pain feelings, and dizzy/lightheaded which started abruptly at around 4:30. (I had to pull over my car when I thought I was going to throw up on my way home from an appointment, only to dry heave for 10 minutes, and then went home) I know these are common symptoms, but it came as a shock to me because I never experience symptoms when taking a medication, even the most common ones. It is now 5:20pm and I'm still feeling sour stomach/stomach pains, nausea, and dizziness/light headedness, however you spell that lol. I'm actually sitting on my bathroom floor because I don't know what else to do. I also have acid reflux disease and didn't take my anti-acids this morning (prescription Zantac) as it says not to on the Azithromycin pill bottle. How long am I going to feel this sick from this dose I guess is my question, and can I expect to feel this sick again on my next dose in a week?
medicine
I got prescribed Azithromycin for my strep throat, and i'm getting 3 side effects from it. abdominal pain, diarrhea and stabbing stomach pains. these are all pretty common but painful side effects, will it hurt me to take it still? i really want to get rid of my strep throat.
Hi,  I had a swab test yesterday and my doctor  said she found an infection, probably chlamydia. She game me 4 tablets called Azithromycin to be taken at once which I took yesterday. Before I visited the doctor I had no symptoms apart from being a bit itchy. Since I took the pills I am bleeding like a I have a light period and I have stomach pains too.  I am wondering If this is normal. It has only being a day so I am thinking it might be the fact that the swab test caused that or it might be normal side effects. Any opinions?  Thank you,  D. Hi guys and thank you very much for your reply. After I did the swab examination the doctor took the samples to the lab and found out that I have been infected. Also, while she was taking the swabs she found blood inside my vagina. She could't say if it was chlamydia or not but suggested that this prescription will treat this infection, chlamydia or anything else. I will know in a weeks time exactly what it was. Also, yes I went to get tested because of the itchiness and because I had unprotected sex last week. The stomach pains are like period pains but I never get my period early. I spoke with the advice centre of the clinic this morning  and they said that chlamydia can cause bleeding in-between the periods... I guess I just have to wait and see because It is still not very clear to me what is causing it. Thank you for your answers I really appreciate it.  Dee X Update: Hi guys and thank you very much for your reply. After I did the swab examination the doctor took the samples to the lab and found out that I have been infected. Also, while she was taking the swabs she found blood inside my vagina. She could't say if it was chlamydia or not but suggested that this prescription...
Took 1000 mg of Azithromycin in one dose as prescribed . I can't remember if I had cramps before taking the antibiotic from the Chlamydia or not - but I know after taking the antibiotic , I get cramps once or twice a day . It'll usually be very mild , almost feels like a stomach ache but a cramp , if that makes sense , and its mild and can be on and off for about an hour and then goes away and then I won't get one until hours later and then don't experience any more cramps until the next day . And after the cramps is usually followed by discharge , brownish-yellow .  And it's been 3 days since I took the antibiotic and have had cramps like this since taking the antibiotic . Is this normal ? Does this mean the antibiotic is working ? Or is this the Chlamydia being resistant to the antibiotic ? Or is there no real way of knowing what is causes the cramps and discharge ? Getting tested in 4 weeks to see if its cured . Anyone else experience this ?  Thanks a billion !

My wife, who just began her 16th week was recently diagnosed with Walking Pneumonia.  He Doctor (who knows of the pregnancy) prescribed her with Azithromycin.  All of my research is showing that it was never tested on a human fetus, only animal fetuses, with no negative side effects.  Just wondering if anybody knows, or is someone themselves who took this drug while pregnant.  Thank you very much for your time and responses....
I'm taking azithromycin to cure possibly chlamydia or gonnarhea just as a pre cautionary I don't know that I actually have them. Anyways it's causing me to have severe mood swing, depression, bad thoughts, sleeping issues, extreme anxiety and stress, and almost feel like I'm not even in my own body and it's messing with my head making me feel like I'm going to go crazy. And I'm perfectly healthy in brain terms I've never had any type of depression or anything. Im stressed about having the std but it seems the antibiotic makes it way worse. Is this possible from azithromycin or is it just in my head? I still have 3 Doses left and I don't think I can take it again because it scares me. Please answer, thanks!
medicine
I am allergic to a lot of drugs- even common ones like amoxicillin and Benedryl.  Today I was diagnosed with Bronchitis (induced asthma). I was put on a breathing machine shortly after the Dr, heard my lungs. I believe this is from the bad air quality at work. Our building is currently closed because the entire staff is sick with upper respiratory issues. Now me included.  I was prescribed Azithromycin. I've never had it before and am afraid to take it. Are side effects common? And if there are side effects, do they go away quickly once the drug has been stopped? Should I take it?
My doctor prescribed me Azithromycin due to my throat being swollen with white spots plus I have swollen glands around my neck. The second day of taking the antibiotic i've developed red bumps that do not itch. Is this a allergic reaction? I feel fine. I'm not having trouble breathing. I've talked to my doctor and he told me to get off of right away. But it's the only side effect that I'm having while taking it. Right now I'm going on my third day and I'm barely starting to feel better. Update: Thank you Dylan
For two days I was feeling really sick so I went to the doctor who said I had strep throat along with an upper respiratory virus. He perscribed me Z-pack. I took the first dose and about 3 or 4 hours later I had really bad stomach pain and diarriah. I took immodium and felt better. Today I took my second dose and haven't had diarriah but have been feeling nauseaus all day. I also do not have much of an appetite. Do you think this is a side effect of the medicine, or do I have some kind of stomach virus now too ! ?
I just read a little bit about this antibiotic, and one of the side effects listed is a yeast infection. I was just wondering how common it is. The dosage is 500 MG, for 3 days, once each day, so 3 tablets. Is there a high chance that someone would get a yeast infection? I'm so worried, please help! Thanks! Update: Also, how common does that stomach condition occur?
I will have bad side effects.
I was taking the antibiotic azithromycin (Z-pack or Zithromax) from 2/18-2/22.  I experienced side effects of cramps and nausea on the first two days then they went away.  I am on birth control, but my boyfriend and I were using condoms.  Guess what happened?  It broke.  Now for the past three days I have been suffering from cramps, nausea and headaches.  I also had a bloody nose (have not had one of those for about 20 years now).  So, question is: are these side effects from the antibiotic or should I be worried that I am pregnant? I was taking the antibiotic azithromycin (Z-pack or Zithromax) from 2/18-2/22. I experienced side effects of cramps and nausea on the first two days then they went away. I am on birth control, but my boyfriend and I were using condoms. Guess what happened? It broke. Now for the past three days I have been suffering from cramps, nausea and headaches. I also had a bloody nose (have not had one of those for about 20 years now). So, question is: are these side effects from the antibiotic or should I be worried that I am pregnant?  *These new side effects started 7days after sex. Update: I was taking the antibiotic azithromycin (Z-pack or Zithromax) from 2/18-2/22. I experienced side effects of cramps and nausea on the first two days then they went away. I am on birth control, but my boyfriend and I were using condoms. Guess what happened? It broke. Now for the past three days I have been suffering...
I just started taking it today. I will feel extremely nauseous one minute, and then extremely hungry and lightheaded. It keeps switching back and forth. Is this normal? Or could this be because of the cold I am getting over?
Has anyone ever take Z-Pak (azithromycin) and had anxiety or nervousness while taking it? Also, I have loss of appetite too.  It says it is a symptom of Z-Pak on the insert.  If you did have nervousness or anxiety how long did it last?  I still have it and I stopped the pills 4 days ago. Thanks No one????

Okay so I went to the doctor today and he prescribed me the antibiotic azithromycin 250 mg. I just took the first 2 like you're supposed to about 2 hours ago. Is it normal to be feeling sleepy? I mean I was drowsy before last night too and dizzy. But I just got sleepy after taking it. And I also got diarheaa. Is this normal? Also can I take Tylenol while on this medication?
I took 1 gram yesterday to treat Chlamydia when I went to the doctor and I've been feeling nauseous somehow and with some stomach pain.. and also like i'm bloated or something, i don't know if those would even be considered  side effects , but I'm worried if they're not side effects that I might be pregnant, although if it were that,  it would be like 2 weeks and I doubt I'd be feeling all these symptoms so soon.? :(

I have bronchitis and I was prescribed azithromycin. 3 days, 500 mg per day. I had the same drug fall 2009 for a mild case of pneumonia, but it was the 5 day pack. I remember having horrible diarrhea that night. Since it's the same stuff, and a stronger dose, I assume I'm going to get diarrhea again. However, I don't really know when. Would it be sooner? If it helps I'm a 15 year old girl.

i have been on this for 3 days now at 500mg and started experience naseau and diarhea how long will this last? and how long does it stay in your sytstem? watery and mucus in stool im 28 male 180 pounds.
4 days ago I was prescribed Azithromycin for a sinus infection and Lexapro for anxiety and depression, since then I have has moderate itching of the skin and I already have bad anxiety but it has spiked through the roof and I have had increased urination.  I called the doctor today, but they never called back to tell me what he said, so obviously they were not concerned.  I have not taken the Azithromycin in over 24 hours becaue I thought that might be the culprit, I am still itchy though.  Does anyone know if any of these could possibly be side effect to either drug?
If I always experience stomach pains, diarrhea and nausea while taking Azithromycin, does it mean I could have an allergy to it or am I just an unlucky person who happens to get all of the side effects? Should I tell my doctor about the side effects I am experiencing?

I'm taking Azithromycin for a sore throat and have been feeling REALLY nauseous, stomach pain and haven't been hungry at all. The side effects are worse then the actual sickness itself for me.  Is this normal or should I go to my doctor?
I just finished taking azithromycin a few days ago for a sinus infection. I had really bad stomach cramps while I was taking it. This morning I woke up with a very bad headache, stomach cramps, and was so nauseous that I was dry heaving. Even though I finished the azithromycin a few days ago, the package says that it continues to work five days after your last dose. Could these be side effects from the azithromycin? :(

I have a chronic sinus infection that I have had for 3 months now. I took the Z-Pak first, then I took Ceftin. Z-Pak hurt my stomach a little and Ceftin was pretty gentle on the stomach for me. I have gastritis and nausea, so I get acid reflux and nausea all the time. What antibiotics have you heard or know about that have the least side effects on the stomach and body? Thanks in advance.
I had to take the Azithromycin to clear up an infection but i got nausous a couple hours after which is a common side effect. I had abdominal pain and then vomited my entire dinner out. Im wondering if the medicine will still be effective or did i pretty much spit out the medicine and need to get another dose? This may sound like a dumb question but Im no doctor. Somebody help me out. Thanks!
I'm taking a pair of antibiotics to eliminate fluid behind my ear drum due to flying with a little cold. I started taking them this morning and my legs from my knee down are hurting so badly - like I've been running all day or something, even though that's not the case. Is this just a side effect of the drugs, or is this something more serious? I took a tylenol about an hour ago, but it hasn't done anything. I'm taking Prednisone 50 mg and Azithromycin 500 mg. Update: I just read a similar question with an answer like yours, Kevin. I'm also feeling extremely fatigued and tired, but I have been sleeping ok at night. Would that be another symptom?
I have a lot of difficulty starting my urine stream. I can stand there for up to 10 minutes and cannot get the urine stream started. When i come back after about an hour after trying, i can then urinate. My bladder will be full, to the point where it hurts, and i cannot get it started.Sometimes when i do urinate,  my bladder doesn't empty all the way, and i still have the urge, but i am at least a little bit relieved. I am a sixteen year old male.
Im being treated 4 chlamydia & I had to take four azithromycin  pills...& thee side effects are: nausea, vomitting, diarrhea and stomache pain....I had all of the effects last night except vomitting...I took my pills like at 10pm last nite & had diarrhea at like 12pm with horrible stomache pains....but today im having juss stomache pains kind of bad...it hurts when I move or push my stomach in...is this normal or what? Im kind of freaked out! Pls helppp now :( thanks!
I was given a 1gram dose of Zithromax yesterday for a urinary tract infection. Today, my nurse practitioner called and said that my UTI is more complicated then she thought and wants to put me on Cipro.  Will there be any interaction or adverse side affects?  Also, what can I do to deal with the side affects of Cipro? If you read the rare side affects for any antibiotic, I'm the person that experiences them. For example, since taking the Zithromax, I have had bad stomach cramps, diarrhea and body aches...  Thanks!
Is it normal to bleed after taking a dose of suprax and azithromycin ? Chlamydia and gonorrhea treatment. I really need answers. After taking the treatment the next day I started to have brownish discharge which turned out as blood. I'm really confused and I never have took this type of medication before.
Recently, a couple of days ago, I started beginning to itch on my hands and arms.  It's very odd because I don't believe I had ever had a case of Eczema before.  The spots are ranging from dime to quarter size.  Currently, I'm taking Z-Pack antibiotics (azithromycin), and a nasal spray from the doctor.  Currently on my 4th dose of day 5.  What the heck is going on?  Could it be this?
Is it ok? It's a long term antibiotic for acne so I take it 3 times a week for months at a time...Azithromycin..thanks


I went to the doctor a few days ago and they told me i had a sinus infection now Im on azithromycin 250 mg because of the medicine I have diarrhea and a upset stomach from these pills what are home some remedies that I could get at target, wal-mart, or cubfoods?



Okay so im taking prednisone and   Azithromycin  long story..i had a sore throat and a ear infection then my doctor put me on amoxicillin and then i got a allergic reaction a drug rash all over my entire body i then had to go to the doctors and get a iv in my arm with fluids and a few shots..im just wondering whats going on with me if anyone has had the same problem they are checking to see if i have  mono  which i don't think i have. main question does prednisone make you gain weight? I'll be on it for 6 days

i have bronchitis and on top of that i have asthma   and daily i have to take  2 tablets of prednisone 20 mg 1 tablet of azithromycin 250 mg albuterol every four hours 1.25 mg Ventolin 2 puffs twice a day 90 mcg advair twice a day and nasonex twice a day because of the steriods in the medicines!
My girlfriend has bronchitis and the doctor put her on azithromycin, benzonatate, and an albuterol inhaler today. After her first dose, she started having mild numbness in her lips and a few of her fingers. She took a Benadryl and it subsided. Now that it's worn off, the numbness is slowly returning. I'm wondering if this is an allergic reaction or a side effect of the new meds, and how serious it is. The doctor's office won't be open again until Monday, and I'm worried that I might have to take her to the hospital if it worsens.
Hey guys, iv taken about seven corses of antibiodics since last november, all 6 of them for dental, two 7 day corses of Penicillin VK 500mg for dental abcess and a bone graft, 3 corses of Amoxicilian for a tooth abcess, and a 5 day corse of Azithromycin which i was allergic too. Now im on a 30 day corse of Minocycline 100mg, for my acne. Iv been taking this for about a week. For the past week i have had intense gas, and cramps in my stomach, and my toung has been turning brown, and browner on its way to black i think. Iv also had trouble thinking this week in school, like my minds been cloudy. HAve I taken too much, because I feel toxed, schould i stop the corse? Schould i be worried that iv been having trouble to think while taking the antibiodic? Update: I find it very hard to focus and think clearly while im on this and taking notes in class is a challange, putting them on paper is hard. Im starting to get worried
I have a cough that seems to be getting better though I just went to the dr who prescribed me Azithromycin.  But there could be bad side effects and in general all the medications that are  prescribed  tend to have adverse side effects which in the long run are probably bad for peoples' overall health.  So another thing I got for my gout is indomethacin.  But the swelling is slowly going away without it.  So when do you know when to let your body just heal on its own vs taking meds prescribed by doctors?

my uncle has a rancid smell coming from his breath. It is so bad the house smells of it. My uncle is unwell and has C.O.P.D and is on a permanent anti-biotic called Azithromycin, I have looked up side effects of this drug and find non listed that could cause this rancid breath smell.

About three months ago I had intercourse with a man I didnt know very well. After intercourse I got sick but didnt think much of it (we didn't use protection but I am on birthcontrol). I've been with my current boyfriend for about two months now and three weeks ago we had intercourse and i started to bleed heavily. I went to the doctor and they said it might be Cervical cancer. My doctor took a swab of my cervix, took blood but no urine. When my results came back I was positive for Chlamydia and negative for Gonorrhea (would my doctor have tested me for other common stds such as syphilis, herpes, and HPV? or just chlamydia and gonorrhea?) I was given doxycycline to take two times a day for a week. Me and my current boyfriend had protected sex a couple days after my treatment. My boyfriend went to get tested and they said he most likely has Chlamydia as well and gave him Azithromycin and told me I should be treated again. About 2 days ago we both took the one dose of Azithromycin. We both experienced the common side effects of nausea, diarrhea, and abdominal pain. Today I noticed that i have symptoms of a yeast infection/herpes. how can i tell the difference? I do have very small open sores on my clit and urethra, white thick discharge, itching, burning, and swelling. i know antibiotics can cause a yeast infection but i've never had open sores while having a yeast infection. is it possible that i have herpes and this is my first out break three months later? i cant go to the doctor till monday so in the mean time should i treat myself for a yeast infection? or should i just wait till i see the doctor? I know you are suppose to keep the area dry so will using antifungal ointments possibly make it worse? please help with any information that you can give. I am really concerened.  By the way when I had intercourse with the man 3 months ago I didn't notice any sores on him. He didn't mention anything about any STD's so it is possible that he didn't know, but I don't doubt there is a possibility that he had more then one STD, which is why I'm concerned about possibly having herpes. I also gave him oral so I was wondering if it is herpes why I haven't gotten any sores in my mouth.  Yes I know I made a huge mistake by sleeping with a man I didn't know very well three months ago. But I have commited myself to a new healthy relationship with my current boyfriend. We can talk openly about these things.

I'm just getting over strep throat and I feel about 99% today. I just got my P90X delivered in the mail a few days ago and I have been using it for 3 days. I feel like I would be better off drinking the proteing shakes and taking the vitamin supplements afterwords and stuff but i'm worried it might mess me up somehow mixing it with the pills iv been taking. I was taking advil for pain but im not today and i just started taking some version of Azithromax called  Azithromycin  (spell check maybe lol) which I started 2 days ago. You take one a day and you have to finish the pack off to flush everything out of your system because i might relaps according to my paranoid mom... (im 17 btw) ANYWAYYSS I feel fine today and just finished my Shoulders and Arms/Ab Ripper X workout and i feel like I really dont wanna skip out on the protein shakes and vitamins again, or at least one r the other. Good answers and explanations are appreciated :D THANK YOU


i have and upper respritory infection and my doctor said i should take a z pack or azithromycin. i took and now i have very bad abdomnial pains most in my stomach. this said it was a side effect but this has happend to me before, so i was curious if i was just allergic to it. does naybody know?
I went to the doctors and was prescribed Z pack (Zithromax) because I had swolleen tonsils and glands. At the same time I had the flu. I took the first days dose of 2 pills and everything was fine. The next day I woke up and took the second dose which was one pill the same time as yesterday. That whole night I was very uncomfortable I couldn't sleep. The next morning I noticed 4 white tiny bumps under my tongue and 1 white tiny bump on the tip. My tongue had minor swelling. The side of my tongue was very sore. My bottom lip was very swollen. I went back to my doctor and she told me to stop taking the Zpack. It's been a day and its still very uncomfortable to eat, talk and drink. I'm just wondering how long the zithromax will stay in my system? And when I should start seeing results, I'm in massive amounts of pain. Update: They checked me for strep but it came off negative. While I had the flu, I got tonsillitis. They did not check me for mono. I'm done with the flu, it's just i'm so uncomfortable with my mouth. I haven't been able to eatt anything for about 2 days. Update: Also, on my bottom swollen lip, a blister formed and theirs a blister on the crease of my mouth. Oh, and my jaw was minor swollen.
About a year ago I started having issues with acid reflux so the doctor recommended Prilosec OTC. Prilosec worked for a little bit then my symptoms got worse so then the doctor gave me a 6 month prescription of Prevacid (that prescription ran out last Wednesday). So I decided that I would try to go without Prevacid. When I started having acid reflux issues I changed my diet (I only eat a low fat diet now). I feel that changing my diet made a huge difference.  Last week I came down with bronchitis and I went to the doctor and the doctor gave me a prescription for my bronchitis. He gave me  250mg Azithromycin Pak (enough for 6 days) and a prescription for 100mg of Benzonatate. The prescriptions seemed to be working and helping then yesterday I started feeling nauseous. So I looked at the leaflet from the pharmacist for the prescription that the doctor prescribed. One of the side effects for the Azithromycin is nausea. So I don't know if the azithromycin caused that or if my acid reflux is rearing its ugly head again.  Also with the nausea I get this horrible taste in my mouth. When I woke up this morning I felt great no nausea. But then I started having the horrible taste in my mouth again.  A few months ago my husband tried to get me to go see a gastrointerologist but I told my husband that I didn't need to go. Even before I started taking the azithromycin for my bronchitis I would sometimes experience nausea. Sometimes I wander if I have some other stomach related issue. Could that be? If so what could it be?  So my question is what could the nausea be caused from? What other stomach related issues could cause this nausea (because I'm starting to think that maybe I don't have acid reflux)? Should I see a gastrointerologist?

I had strep a month and a half ago during my period. Just before Christmas I had a cold. Now just last week I had strep again and my period hasn't started. I'm not even having any symptoms. I only had sex one time and it was the day immediately following my period so I'm pretty positive I'm not pregnant. The Antibiotics I took (Azithromycin) have made me feel so sick. My stomach hurts and I'm almost constantly nauseous, especially when I wake up! Has anybody else had this problem? Any advice is appreciated!
I usually don't have this reaction to antibiotics, but it does explain that this is a more common side effect.  I'm on azithromycin.  It's for a very bad bacterial sinus infection.  I'm afraid the diarrhea will keep it from working as well, and I've only had two doses so far, and it seems to be kicking the infections butt. lol.  Anyway, I keep hearing that yogurt will help, but unfortunately it grosses me out and I can't eat that stuff.  I've been drinking plenty of fluids: water, juice, warm tea, and I have been eating ok, so that's not a problem.  The infection I have is so bad, my doc addressed that I take an entire week off work.  It went to both my ears, one of my eyes was partly swollen, my throat was infected, lymphs swollen,  and there was wheezing in my chest.  Yikes. I don't think I've ever been this sick.  He said it was a good thing I didn't wait any longer to see him.  Would a smoothie be ok since it has yogurt in it?  I just can't eat yogurt as it is.  Is there anything else that will help that is safe for me to take for this right now.  Something that won't have interactions with my meds.  I have to be careful what I take because I have a thyroid condition. Thanks for your answer.


Hi i hope somebody can help me here. Around the middle of Nov 2012 i tested positive for Chlamydia, the clinic gave me a single dose of 1000mg Azithromycin. They told me a side effect would be Diarrhea which would last a few days. 36 Hours after taking the tablets my Diarrhea started, it was very watery and severe, anything i put it in my mouth went straight through me. 6 days after taking the tablets i went to see my GP he said antibiotics will do that and it could take 2 weeks for your stomach to settle by this time my symptoms of Chlamydia had cleared. 14 days after taking the tablets i still have severe diarrhea and i go to my GP again, he says its probably still normal but makes me take a stool specimen to be sent for testing. Stool specimen tests arrive 4 days later and they are all clear. About 19/20 days after taking the Azithromycin my Diarrhea stops too...now my stools are back to normal and i am relieved.  Then 3/4 weeks later (towards end of Dec 2012) My diarrhea starts again!! Anything i eat is just going straight through me, ive tried cutting out certain foods i.e. Cheese, Eggs, Milk but to no avail, i see my GP a few days after it starts again and he says perhaps something was missed on the initial stool test so do another one and he prescribes me some Loperamide Hydrochloride which i have been taking for 2 days but they havent helped to stop the diarrhea...its still very watery and happns pretty much straight away after i eat!  Has anyone experienced this before??? I am sooo worried!  Even though i feel absolutley fine, no loss of appetite, no pain anywhere, no fatigue or anything else. What could this be??? Any medics or experienced personnel on here like to help me???



So I was diagnosed with a sinus infection 2 days ago after about a week, and prescribed a Z pack (azithromycin) to clear up my sinuses. It had worked wonderfully the first day, but the second day after taking it I had started to experience strong breathing difficulties and nausea. I can't see my doctor since she's not going to be here for the next week and I have quite a few exams in school as well. Is this normal and will it go away by itself? Also, are there any remedies for the symptoms I'm experiencing? Thanks! :3





Just took day four of my z-pack (azithromycin) for a sinus infection. Feeling much better. I was wondering if it would be safe to have a few drinks (one, two, three, four?) tonight to celebrate a friends birthday. There are no alcohol warnings on the z-pack itself or in the pamphlet. Has anyone had a few drinks without ill effects? I don't want to here that alcohol decreases the effects of these antibiotics, as through extensive (albeit online) research, I have seen nothing that says this is the case-- it seems to be a common myth. Now I know its not ideal to drink, but i'm feeling better and want to. Also worth mentioning is that I have had absolutely no side effects from the medicine at all-- as it is usually hard on the stomach. Cheers!
I pretty much live on green tea (cold) but recently I've had to take antibiotics for bacterial infections (azithromycin and flagyl ) . I took 1 time dose of azithromycin a little over a month ago and didnt stop to think that maybe green tea lowers the effectiveness of azithromycin or other antibiotics in general ?  Thank you !



Can i take LEVAQUIN 500 mg tablets if i was taking AZITHROMYCIN 250 mg tablets?
So for the entire last month I've been sick on and off and a couple days ago I finally decide to go to a doctor, he told me I have some type of infection and allergies (which is why my sinuses could never clear up) he prescribed me azithromycin and I took if for 2 days. The first day I took 2 (as label says) and noticed some discomfort in my stomach but I ignored it, so I then proceeded to follow up with the medication the next day and that night my stomach was really bloated, growled/moved, and felt a lot of discomfort. Today is the third day and the  heartburn  type feeling is even worse. The whole top part of my abdomen is super tender and the middle of my stomach feels like it stings a hell lot, it growls a lot and there's burping as well.  what's going on with me? Could it be a bad side effect of the medicine? I'm thinking if by tomorrow I don't feel any better I should go to a doc. Any ideas?

I have taken z packs before with mild discomfort. This time, i have influenza b and brochitis. Doc gaave me a zpack. 1st day, 3 hours after the first dose, i had terrible watery diarreah. Next morning was fine, took second dose at noon and 30 mins later my whole mid area felt like itblew up with gas. Pain all day. No diarreah, just alt of gas that couldnt be released. By evening my upper back is killing me and my stomach immediatly below my sternum is tender ajd if i even drink water it blows up and feels likei had a 7  course meal.  Heres my concern, when i look up side effects it says abdominable pain, nausea are common.then anothersite says  sore tender stomach could be a liver problem caused by the med and is serious, so im confused which is accurate, and i cant reach my doc till tuesday. Is anyone here familiar with this?


i finish my antibiotics for ear fluid and sinus infection now im not dizzy no more but i feel nauseous and little anxiety all the time now is not severe but mild can it be side effect the name of pills call azithromycin z pck ?

My doctor is giving me following medicine:  * levofloxacin tablets IP ( L-Cin 500) *  Azithromycin tablets IP ( AZEE-500 ) * Propranolol Hydrochloride tablets  ( Ciplar-40) * Amitriptyline Hydrochloride tablets (Tryptomer 10 mg) * Rabeprazole Sodium tablets IP 20 mg (Helirab - 20 ) *  Aceclofenac Sustained Release tablets ( Micronac -SR)  Please advise if this healthy or will cause and serious side effects??
Hey there, I recently found out I have chlamydia so bought the treatment for it Zithromax they gave me a box with 3 500 mg Azithromycin. The symptoms of chlamydia have not yet gone away because im only on my 2nd pill (its one every 8 hours). I sometimes use Tramadol (Ultram Hydrochloride) or Flexiril (Cyclobenzaprine) recreationally basically just be cause I like the feeling, do not try to tell me that getting high of pills is stupid, senseless, dangeroues, etc. I dont care, i am not and addict and will not become one. My dosage of tramadol is usually 3 50mg capsules and Flexiril ill usually take about 50mg. I dont mix them, they are just two muscle relaxants that I like to use. I was wondering if take my zithromax on the same day I take tramadol or flexiril if it will have any negative effects? and if it will heal the treatment of my chlamydia. Thank you




im 17 on monday i  had a fever and the doctor put me on a medicine call azithromycin every since i had this cold my ears started ringing whats going on

I am taking zithrox and just took my second dose. I just had a lot of diarrhea. Is this normal? I also was wondering if I can stop taking z pack because I believe I do not actually have a bacterial infection. Just to add I have had really watery diarrhea and have heard to stop taking the medicine after having this.

I have a pounding headache on the left side in the middle,and when I walk I get REALLY dizzy. Today the doctor told me I have a throat infection and put me on this whatever medicine. I just took a dayquil and suddenly all this starts to happen.What should I do?  And the back of my left eye has been hurting all day if that matters at all. Update: He has me on... Update: Azithromycin Tablets
I recently took a 'one off' dose of two capsules of Azithromycin Sandoz to treat chlamydia. About an hour & 45 minutes afterwards I had diarrhoea, which is a common side effect. Will my medication still work?
Earlier this month I took Azithromycin for an ear infection, and for the past week I have had a bad yeast infection, I have all the symptoms of getting my period but I am 8 days late. Could all of this be related or could it be something more, could any of those factors be making my period late? im not on birth control

Me and my wife found out we were pregnant and we went to a local obgyn and we did blood work 3x in a week.  After that they prescribed us a medication for chlamydia it was called azithromycin when she was 8 weeks and they prescribed 2 and told her to give me one.  About 2 days ago she was cramping so she went to the emergency room and she was bleeding alot after she left and they said she it was a miscarriage.  Then the hospital told us the baby died at 8 weeks and 8 weeks is when they gave her that medication and told her to take it...  Thanks in advance!



I started a Z-pack on Thursday so im on the third day now and i took my z pack this morning. My Senior winter formal dance is tonight and everyones gonna be drinking at the after party. i was wondering if one or two beers would harm the antibiotics cause i hear that alcohol interferes with antibiotics. But if i took the z pack in the morning and i only have 1 or 2 beers will it create a serious problem?
I just had treatment for chlamidyah,  Which was azithromycin and after about 20 minutes to half hour i got really really bad diarrhea..  So now im upset because im thinking the tablets would of flushed out my system with the rest of my food and it wasnt in there for long enough to work..  Will i have to go back to the doctors and start all over again? I know diarrhea is a very common side effect of this antibiotic but the fact is that i got it almost instantly after taking the medication.





I've had a stomach ache for at least 5 hours now, and it won't go away no matter how much I try. I have strep throat too. Yesterday I was put on an antibiotic called Azithromycin. I read the side effects-  The most common side effects are diarrhea(5%), nausea(3%), and abdominal pain (3%).   Ever since i took the pills I've had all those and i find it hard to believe from looking at the percentages. I tried to rest for hours, that didn't work. I've had diarrhea several times, and I puked once and none of this makes me feel better afterwords. I just tried eating something and I think that made it worse too, I'm out of ideas.
I was on a double dose of azithromycin/azithromax for swollen tonsils and lymph nodes. I took my last dose 4 days ago. Today I was just sitting down feeling my throat and it was a little sore and then all of a sudden I got lightheaded and my vision blurred white for a second. Then I felt my neck and the front/left side was numb, only the skin not the muscles etc. this happened about 5 hours ago and my neck is still numb. I had sort of a panic attack because it scared me, there's no redness or itching I went to prompt care and they said it could be neurological and does not not seem like a side effect from the antibiotics. My eyes just got kind of dry as I was typing this too.  Btw I'm a 14 year old healthy male and this has never happened Has anyone experienced this or have a diagnosis for this? Please help.. :/

Azithromycin aka the Z-Pack: I'm on that for whatever i was sick with. it's working, but now i have a rash of bumps on my back. what can i do for that and is it serious? it seems the bumps lessen over time. they just started like, around 3pm. now it's 3am and they're still there, just less now.
My daughter is taking Azithromycin 500mg. It is causing very bad stomach cramps. How can I treat this when I can't get in touch with my doctor?
I took 2 500mg Azithromycin pills on one dose for chlamydia at 12:00pm. At 2:00pm I had diahrrea (side effect). Is it possible I pooped it out or is 2 hours enough time to disolve into my blood stream? Thanks in Advance.
I was given Zithromax for an ear infection.  Now a few days later I have a bad migraine headache.  I sometimes get these headaches, could Zithromax trigger this?

I took 2 tablets by mouth for one dosage of Azithromycin. I took it Thursday night. I got it the first time from my ex which I didn't find out I had it until a year later. I got it treated & went to get checked a couple months later & I didn't have it. 7 months later I go back again to get checked & I have it again. When I took it Thursday night I woke up & had diarrhea I pooped twice. I'm scared that I pooped it all out. My butts still itchy I'm scared that they didn't work. I want to go get checked soon but I don't have a car to get checked & no one can really take me. I just want to be free from it & finally get it out of my body. I want to be able to have kids. someone help!!!!! I feel like the two pills aren't working but idk for sure because I haven't got checked yet

I don't know how to spell broncitus... sorry...  So, I just found out that I have broncitus, and my doctor proscribed me Z-Pack and I took the first dose an hour ago, the first two pills, and it said to take them together. I took them one by one. I took one, then I took the other. I'm nervous that I was supposed to take one pill in the morning and one at night, or the way that I did it. And now my stomach hurts really bad. I'm not sure also if I was supposed to take it with food, and the package said that it could be taken WITH or WITHOUT food. I had like 5 saltines before I took it though... But I just really need to know what this is. My stomach hurts really bad, and I don't know if it would be diarrhea (sorry TMI) and on the package the side effects were like something 3%, something else 3%, something 1%, and Diarrhea 5%. I don't know. Can you help?  Thanks, The Z-Pack Sufferer... :(

I am recovering from a bad bout of strep throat and my doctor put me on azithromycin, which is the antibiotic that only lasts 5 days.  My strep has not cured as well as it should have in comparison to being on amoxicillian.  I catch strep a lot because I am a teacher and a mother who has a school-age child...lots of germs from every angle!  Anyways, this antibiotic is kicking my butt....and today I've had loose stools and dizziness...but the stools consist of blood and mucus.  Sadly, this is a side effect....but a rare one....for this medication.  I called my doctor and he says to stop taking the meds and watch my stools this weekend. Should they not get better, I will have to get a scope to make sure all is okay in my GI track.  Problem is...my family has a history of Crohn's, colitis, IBS and such....and these could be symptoms of those as well.  It does scare me...and not sure if it's really the meds or just a coincidence.  I have some muscle aches, but no fever and no chills.  Any thoughts?? Anyone have experience in this??






I was taking Azithromycin antibiotics and methylprednisolone because I have mono. Today is the last day for the antibiotics but I still have one more day for the other one. I haven't had any serious side effects but today I noticed that I have this sort of rash all over my body. There's tiny red dots all over especially my chest, some on my stomach, a lot on my arms, and some on my legs. They're not really itchy and they don't hurt. Could this be a side effect of the medicine? Should I stop taking the methylprednisolone or just finish it? Should I call my doctor?

Unfortunately, I was diagnosed with oral gonorrhea on Monday. Thankfully, my NAT HIV test was conclusively negative.  I was treated on Wednesday. I have been experiencing stomach cramps, and borderline diarrhea. My body feels a bit warm, and I feel weird in general. I was given the ceftriaxone injection and four oral antibiotics (azithromycin). Are the side effects normal? I feel gassy, and my stomach cramps feel painful and disappear for an hour or so.  Friday : Normal BM movement in the morning. Stomach cramps at 12am, and pooped a lot. The stool was soft, but not watery diarrhea.  Saturday: Stomach cramps in the morning, and pooped small soft pieces.  Today: Had a bm in the morning with stomach cramps. The stool was formed like little snakes, but soft. Had another bm about an hour later. The stool was chunky soft pieces.



I am currently taking azithromycin for only ear infections.. nothing serious. And I know people always say  don't drink while on any antibiotics , but it's only for ear infections and it's basically done anyway so idc if they effect of the zpack is  nullified . but i'm wondering what are common side effects of mixing the two... i never vomit so that's unlikely... i have taken other medicine while drinking and have been fine... so i'm wondering if it matters still...? Update: i forgot to say i also take my pill before i go to bed so what if the alcohol is mostly out of my system by the time i take the pill?






On Friday my doctor gave me these pills called  azithromycin and i haven't really been able to eat BC i had swollen lymph node and sore throat and i ate a little today but not a lot and now i have diarrhea and my stomach hurts =(
I've been a week off prednisone and azithromycin and one of the side effects of coming off both is a break out of acne, they are tiny little red dots and pimples all over my upper chest, neck and shoulders.  I only have a couple on my face.  I have little money, how can I naturally get rid of the break out?


Whenever I take my antibiotics (Azithromycin) I get really sleepy and want to take a nap. Is this normal? My doctor didn't say anything.

I took the 1st antibiotic for 2 days. Since its side effects were not so good, during my follow-up, I told the doc my issues with the antibiotic. He then prescribed the 2nd one. However, I'm just worried if something would happen.






the dr put me on something called z-pac for a bacteria infection and i lost 6lbs in one day what caused this should i stop the meds im trying to get ahold of nurse she hasnt called back yet
I just got off the ZPACK for a sinus infection. Since starting the pills I was very sick with nausea and diarrhea. I've been off all the pills for two days now and my stomach is still upset, but I don't have diarrhea anymore. Should I be concerned? I hear the ZPACK is very famous for stomach problems.
I had a bad gastro-intestinal reaction to Amoxicillin & now i'm on Azithromycin will this happen again?  Has anyone who has had a horrible gastro-intestinal reaction to Amoxicillin been more successful on Azithromycin (Z-Pack)? I was prescribed to it for a bronchial  infection after telling the doctor of my bad experience on Amoxicillin after having dental surgery.  I've read that there is a HIGHER instance of bad stomach related side effects with the  Z-PAK  and that scares the hell out of me, after having horrible stomach problems for days after being on amoxicillin. (I'm talking ending up in the E.R. because of being so low on nutrients.)  I would like to know if any of you who have had a bad stomach related reaction on Amoxicillin have been more succesfull on Azithromycin (ZPACK.) I of course DID already talk to my doctor briefly about this but she was in a rush and assured me everything would be fine (plus she was not my doctor back when i ended up in the E.R. from my bodys reaction to the Amoxicillin)  What i'm looking for HERE are some real experiences from those who have tried different antibiotics and to hear what they're stomach related reactions were to each. Update: I of course DID already talk to my doctor briefly about this but she was in a rush and assured me everything would be fine (plus she was not my doctor back when i ended up in the E.R. from my bodys reaction to the Amoxicillin)     What i'm looking for HERE are some real experiences from those who have tried...

i have the flu today the doctor reccommed make to take it,it fights infections but after i took it i got stomach aches and now i have diarrhea and it says thats what the side effects are so should i keep taking it?? like as in take it tommorrow
I took the first two at like 6 it's 12 now and I have minor chest pains is this a side effect from this med? I couldn't take the cephelexin cuz it messed with my breathing so I got switched to this

My doc diagnosed me with an ear infection  a sinus infection & prescribed me a z-pack of 6 tablets of Azithromycin. On the first day you're supposed to take two, so I did & about an hour later I had really bad diarrhea, but my dad just brushed it off because he said it was a common side effect. Well, today, I took Day 2 pill, & everything was perfectly fine. I took it at around 11 AM & at about midnight this morning I broke out in this horrible rash from my chin stopping at the end of my neck. I'm not having any trouble breathing, it's just a very itchy rash.  I was wondering if I should call my doctor & have him prescribe me a different antibiotic? If I have to deal with anymore of these weird side effects I'd rather just live with the infection.  PLEASE HELP.



im trying to get as much information on this drug before i take it

im 39 weeks pregnant and i just took a drug called co-azithromycin i had to take all 8 tablets at one time its a 250 mg pill each tablet. my doc said to take them as soon as possible because im due in two days and he wants to cure my chlamydia before the baby comes i called mother risk and asked about it and they said it should be fine because your almost due so the baby wont be harmed, but my question is what are the side effects of this drug? can this drug cause me any serious harm? has anyone taken this drug and the exact doseage as i did and if so what are the side effects should i be worried???



My niece is taking  arithomyacin and developed a sort of rash on her stomach; I'm not sure if it is because of the antibiotic. She is allergic to augmentin. Are these two medicines in the same family?

I went to my doctor and was diagnosed with an upper respiratory infection so he prescribed azithromycin (zithromax)  to be taken for 5 days. That same day, I saw my gynecologist who diagnosed me with a mixed flora infection and prescribed two antibiotics: metronidazole and diflucan. I've been on these three medications for three days now and I feel awful. The respiratory infection is clearing up but my head wont stop pounding and my stomach feels incredibly crampy and nauseated. I checked with the pharmacist and he said the medications were okay to take together but don't drink alcohol, which I haven't. I can't get comfortable and I've had to call out of work for three days now, I really need some help. Please, any advice!!

Hi i am taking Azithromycin and i was wondering if it would cause my diahrea to look like coffee grounds it is really dark also one of the side affects are diahrea but i have never had diahrea look like this b4
Please don't tell me to take a test, as I will when my period is due.  I got a couple of questions.  Number 1 is, I've been on the pill for 3 years, and for the most part have taken it exactly how I'm supposed to. I take it before bed every night. Well, during the first week of this pack, I somehow took a pill early. Don't know if I took 2 pills in the same night, or maybe I accidentally took one the next morning... so, let's say, I know I took one Wednesday night, but when I got to Thursday night, the pack was on Friday. So, I did NOT take a pill Thursday night. I waited until Friday, and then resumed taking it regularly. I didn't miss a pill though. We did NOT use condoms this week. How does this effect my chances of being pregnant?  And number 2 is, I was on Azithromycin for the majority of my 2nd week on the pill. Some people say this antibiotic doesn't effect Trinessa at all, but we used condoms for days 1-5 while I was taking it. It says it still works day 6-10, even though you're not taking it. We had unprotected sex during day 6-10. Do you think this COUPLED with my number 1 question, and really increased my chances of pregnancy?  I'm just wondering because today (which is exactly 1 week after I stopped taking my antibiotic, but about 6 days before my period is due), and yesterday, I have experienced stomach cramps/back aches and even leg cramps, that make me feel like I'm actually having my period right now. This never happens, unless I actually have my period. They're really bad.  Also, please tell me what your source is, and if you have gone through something similar to this!  Sorry that it's so long...
Ok so this is the first time I've ever bee on Zithromax (Z-Pack, Azithromycin) and I've just read this article: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/06/20/gaps-and-antibiotics-health-risk.aspx  I'm literally crying of fear, I've already taken two days worse, I took two doses on the first day and yesterday I took one, I have to take three more over three days and I really want to stop.  They've definitely made my heart beat different and they've made me light headed.  It's seriously making me panic and I don't know what to do, I don't want to die :(  Should I stop taking them? I rung the hospital and they said side effects are normal.  This doesn't seem normal, any answers would be great, thanks! And please no one try and freak me out. Update: I mean two days worth not worse sorry!
Just this past Wednesday I went to the doctor because I was sick and ended up getting a prescription for a 5 Day Z-Pack (aka Azithromycin aka Zithromax).  I've been taking it as directed and have been having no problems with it.  Just today, this morning, I noticed a couple little red blotches on my stomach and a couple on my back and thats it..no where else.  They do not itch or bother me what so ever.  I wouldn't have even know they were there if I never looked.  I was wondering if this might be a sign of an allergic reaction to the medication or if its a normal side effect or maybe its just a random something else and I'm just paranoid.  This is the first time I've ever taken the medication and I've never had an allergic reaction to a drug before so I wouldn't know what one looks like.  My fiance said that if it was an allergic reaction that it would have shown up the very first day I took the drug but thats not always true.  I need some help please!  I'll also add that I did try calling my doctor today but they had already gone for the day and I'm very sure that they won't be back in till next monday so..if it is an allergic reaction...what do I do till monday???

My doctor gave me it as a just in case antibiotic take 2 today and one each day for 5 days  he said my lungs sound clear but my throat was red so just incase take it for 5 days I read the paper that came with the prescription and I'm worried about the side eeffects the rare ones scare me
Okay i took them, my doctor gave me 2 to take at once but im going out the next day and im gonna wanna drink. I just got 2 pills and already took them. So can i drink the next day?
No preaching pro-life comments please. I had a surgical abortion 2 days ago, I was at 7 weeks. I'm a small little thing, 5'2 and 100 pounds, they persuaded me to be sedated but my anxiety kicked in so they reversed the sedation. I was given ativan before hand, so I was a little  out of mind  and forgot to ask why I was given Zithromax. The clinic makes sure everyone goes home with antibiotics to prevent infection. But I know Zithromax like all meds is given for various things. I've been reading online and it seems everyone has had terrible side effects from it, and I even read some apparent doctor say that after someone takes this antibiotic that within two weeks they will die of a heart attack.  I was only given four tablets to take with my dinner today. (250 mg) I felt a little sick, sorta constipated and gassy with my usual cramps that I was expected to get. The sick feeling went away within half an hour. One of my biggest fears is having a heart attack. So is there really anything extremely wrong with this med? I know allllll medicine has side effects but the things I have been reading are really freaking me out! :(
i have been sick for 4 days straight - sore throat, fever, sharp pains, chills, fatigue, which then turned into a cough and congestion too.  I went to the doctor today and he prescribed me azithromycin and said I had strep. So today being the 4th day i was feeling a little better but still sick.  After taking the azithromycin (about 6 hours later) I now have a high fever and even worse shooting pains but when I look it up I am not seeing fever as a common side effect.  I feel worse now than I did this morning. I haven't had a fever since Saturday and now Monday night it is back?  am I okay? :) Update: Wow, thanks people for answering.

I have been given prescriptions for the following medications: Prednisone for swelling, Azythromax (antibiotic) and Vicodin for pain.  I am having trouble sleeping right now, could one of the medications be the cause?  Or is it because I slept so much yesterday?  Will the V help me sleep? For Lucy, tell your husband that there is very little pain involved in the surgery and that he should get it done! Sorry, I meant Lucky...
I recently got treated for chlamydia with four pills of azithromycin. After I took it, diarrhea started and I thought it was normal because I read online diarrhea is a common side effect. But tomorrow it will be a week since I took it, should it still last this long? And today it started burning a bit, is this normal? I just don't wanna go back to the doctor, I was hoping this one dose would have fixed things. Do you think I should wait a few days or is there anything I can take to stop the diarrhea?
I been sick since Sunday or Monday. I woke up with a dry throat & stuffy nose so I took Advil and Loratadine. 2 days later, I went to the doctors and they gave me Azithromycin Tablets(5 days pill). I took those pills and got diarrhea then the next day which is today, I just ate eggo waffles and eggs in the morning and then I went to the bathroom and poop and I looked in the toilet and my poop had red spots and the other one looks like weed. I haven't took any pills yet.  1. Why is my poop like that? 2. Will I be ok? 3. What should I do? 4. Please help me!! ):  Serious comments only!! no joking please!! I'm really worried :'(
shes 5yrs old

Can I take one dose (1g) of azithromycin for chlamydia- say today- then I start taking Amoxicillin(500 mg) for acute acne the next day for one week? will there be any Drug Interactions/Side Effects?  I appreciate your help. Thank you.


I recently started taking Azithromycin (Z-Pack) for an infection in my throat as well as receiving an injection of Rocephin to kickstart the antibiotics. When I take the Z-Pack medication, however, I always end up with a sllightly increased heart rate as well as a swollen face/tongue. Is this a simple matter of overreacting to the side effects or is it an actual allergy to the medicine? Should I still complete the prescription if I'm having this sort of reaction? Update: Edit: I think the question I'm really asking is, should I go to the doctor to get a different antibiotic, or should I just stop the one I'm taking and leave it?
My doctor prescribed me some and the directions were to take four tablets by mouth now. So I did and I feel extremely naucious.
ok so we used a condom every time, but somehow i got chlamydia,  well i was give azithromycin (one time dose)  im just now expeirencing the signs of chlamydia, but ive been nausious and throwing up ever since i took the anti-biotic.  i went to my docter, she said it was probably just side effects to the medicine,  but now im experiencing severe abdominal/pelvic pain.  can someone please tell me whats going on, and how the heck i got chlamydia in the first place?
I am having diarrhea. It its not extremely bad but I would prefer not to have it just wanted to make sure that I would be okay if I took the two together.
i lost my instruction deal
Can either of these two prescriptions I got for a sup possible sinus infection cause aches and/or nausea? I take 2 prednisone and 1 azitheomycin every morning for 5 days total, on day 3. I take with breakfast, but feel nauseous and achey all day

I am 17 I was prescribed propranoolol for my fast heart rate and clonotril 0.25 mg for my anxiety, so today i was having a realy bad throat thing. I guess it was tonsils  tht was causing the pain and i was coughing a lot today.so as usual i took my dose of 60 mg propranoolol and clonotril  0.25 , but after three hours my mom gave me arithromycin tablet for the throat and cough. Thanks to my anxiety i googled the uses , side effects of azithromycin and it was saying that it can give you fast heart beats and can even kill you if you are taking medicnes tht treat fast or abnormal heart beats. I am really scared and i feel like i m going to die and i m even having breathing probs. Help me please please Tell me that m safe
Can I take one dose (1g) of azithromycin for chlamydia- say today- then I start taking Amoxicillin(500 mg) for acute acne the next day for one week? will there be any Drug Interactions/Side Effects?  I appreciate your help. Thank you.
In October, I was treated for Chlamydia with Azithromycin. 3 days after taking the single does, my pubis mons and vaginal area started to get a burning feeling. I get stomach cramps and sometimes thigh and back pain. I also have white discharge, with no odor. I've been tested again twice for chlamydia and both tests have been negative. I had sex with my boyfriend 5 days ago. The day after my stomach was burning badly. The next day it was better, but still burning. Now, 5 days later I still have pain. The mons pubis area is swollen and hurts to the touch. The pain is under the skin. I have no bumps, rash or itchiness. Just stinging, burning pain. I'm convinced that it was PID, but I had a pelvic exam done and the nurse said everything looks healthy. I have no money, no health insurance and I do not qualify for assistance. I've researched this thing to the bone and can't find anything describing all my symptoms. Please help and please no judgment. I contracted the STD by my fiance of 7 years who I didn't know was cheating on me. Thank you! Update: I forgot to add that the pain extends upwards under my rib cage as well and sometimes up my sides.
I've heard that antibiotics can interfere with birth control but I wasn't sure if it was just on the days that the antibiotic was taken or if it can interact for a longer period of time.
also, I'm at work and keep messing things up, and feeling like people are extra sensitive to my mess ups.  And if so, I only have one day left in the pills, but how do I come to work tomorrow if it's messing with me like this today? just my normal birth control pills
Hi ! I was just given 4 tablet of 250 mg of Azithromycin , and was instructed to take all 4 at once . Has anyone else had to take this before in one dose ?  Did you take it 1 hour before eating or 2 hours after eating ?  I've been looking at the uncommon side effects and i'm a bit apprehensive about taking them - but i have to , to get my infection cleared up . I have no known allergies to certain antibiotics , but then again I've never had to take an antibiotic . The only thing I know that I'm allergic to is fire ant bites . Also , I am taking Lo-esterin 24 fe birth control , will my birth control interact with these antibitotics in any way that may cause complications ?  Thank you so much !
OK, i know that weed and alchohol are obviously bad for you in general, but if i were to smoke it, or drink alcohol while taking Azithromycin will there be any problems/serious side efffects? ie. death, or have to be rushed to the hospital, etc? or will i be fine? Don't be a smartass just help me out please. (read the first question i asked if you havent already because its more detailed)
Hi I took 4 tablets of 250 mg of azithromycin on an empty stomach Ll at once as instructed . It's been an hour since and I did have mild stomach pains but they have subsided but I am having mild chest pain on my left side that come and go . It's not painful , just a quick stabbing feeling randomly . I read this can be a side effect ? Do I need to go to the ER ? Or just wait and see if it goes away ?  Thank you !
I got perscribed today with Azithromycin for strep throat and i want to smoke weed tomorrow and the rest of the weekend, and also drink alottttt on friday. Will this cause any problems like a coma or death? or any other serious side effects because all the other answers ive seen said not to get drunk while taking Azithromycin. If they cant be mixed, will it help if i dont take the medication tomorrow or friday, so that way i can drink friday? Also, is it okay to smoke as much weed as i want without any dangerous and serious side effects? answer asap, thanks.
Hi everyone  So after a horrible examination down there with a metal spreader, I have been told I have chlamydia and have been given 4 250mg Azithromycin to take all at once. i have checked online and have heard that the side effects are horrifying and i'm absolutely terrified to take them :'( i have severe anxiety/health anxiety so i am extremely hypervigilant to any changes in my body has anyone taken this and what were your experiences? thank you D:


I was diagnosed with chlamydia.. Yes I know awful don't judge. My partner took azithromycin and he felt fine the whole day! I took it with a banana cause my pharmacist said take it with a little snack. And I ate a couple hours before it anyway. I believe about 40min later I felt so nauseous! I tried to breath and then I threw up! Then had diarrhea. Then felt fine. Did I throw up the azithromycin or did it get absorbed and then make me nauseous? It does say vomiting is a side effect. Sooo?
I had oral sex done to me last Monday. Soon after i started to feel a mild burn in my penis. I went to the doctor and they said they were sure it was probably chlamydia. They took the test and gave me the medication even though the results werent in yet. They said if i didnt have it the medication would not harm me and if i did it would just clear everything up sooner. Its been exactly 5 days since i took Azithromycin and since then iv been feeling a bit strange like a very light fever. Nothing drastic to rush to the ER for but its still their. Is it normal though? When is the medication sopposed to stop giving me side effects
So my question could be a no brainer but  I figured I'd still ask. I'm taking Azithromycin (z-pak) for bronchitis (First day today) and I'm on my third week of Previfem (norgestimate - ethinyl estradiol). IS it alright to take one an hour apart from the other? It won't cancel out each other or have a weird effect besides the 'normal' sides effects of each pill?
I've been taking this antibiotic to get over an infection, but it gives me diarrhea and I have to go in to work tomorrow.  My plan is to take 3 Imodiums (I know, only supposed to take 2, but 2 is not working right now) so I won't have the  runs  at work.  Think I'll be okay?

How many people have experienced vomiting while taking 2000 mg of this antibiotic at once? or does anyone know what the percentage is of people who experience this side effect while taking 2000 mg at once?
for chlamydia (yeah baby!)

I've been sick. I've had the shakes and felt nauseous on Sunday. I went to the doctors on Monday. He said I have a throat infection/dehydrated, not strep throat...that came back negative. He prescribed me Azithromycin which I took two doses yesterday. The only side effect I felt was diarrhea. My throat no longer feels sore, and it doesn't look as bad and I can eat again. I took anoter dose today. And I have four more doses to take. However, I don't know if I started itching my wrists last night, I forget or if that just started this morning. Well I just took a shower and I was looking at my wrists and there are red bumps all around my wrists. Not completely over my hand, just the sides where my thumbs are and a little bit ontop of my hand. This is all that I notice right now. They're itchy...but it's a bearable itch, iand my hands feel super dry, but they're not because I put lotion on them. Any ideas!? I'm freaking out

I know combination-type Birth control pills can be altered by some antibiotics but i take birth control that has only 1 hormone its not a combination pill...so does the same rule apply to this. I take errin (nor QD) and ive been prescribed azithromycin for my sinus infection. should i consider a back up method or am i safe. i called and asked the pharmacist and his reply was  thats an old rule,its so uncommon  im just varifying it
Hello my name is Benjamin i am from San Antonio im 19 i took an anti biotic called Azithromycin 500mg no problems last night but i woke up with pain on the lower abdomin right side if you were facing the way im facing... it comes and goes sometimes dull sometimes sharp Sometimes um i started to drink a ton of water i started to sweat and my heart was racing.. then suddenly the pain aint that bad .. although im worried enough to go to the er room the pain ain't as bad and is getting less painfull while drinking water... i was scared there for 30 Minutes i was having chest pain to i got short of breath for about 30 minuets and started to sweat it stopped but this started the day after i took that anti biotic.. i didn't have no pains before im worried could it be something super serious sometimes its a mild pain on the right side or more like discomfort

I take birth control pills. I know that some Antibiotics can interer with them. I was put on Antibiotics a few months ago. I specifically asked my doctor if they would interfer with my birth control, and he said ABSOULTELTY NOT!.He said that they type of Antibiotics he perscribed me were a new type and would work with my birth control, guareenteed!  I just found out that im pregnant, and my OB/GYN said that the antibiotics he perscribed me DID make my birth control uneffective, and that he had no idea what he was talking about! It has been confirmed that i got pregnant at the time i was taking the antibiotics.  Of course, i am happy that my husband and i are expecting! However, im a little upset that my doctor that perscribed me the antibiotics misinformed me! Update: I take Nortrel Birth Control, and the antibiotic was Azithromycin (a.k.a.. Z-Pak)





I'm 17 and I smoke. I woke up one morning with a horribly sore throat, low-grade fever, and difficulty swallowing. Went to doctor... found out I had tonsillitis for the 2nd time. They prescribed azithromycin (Z-pack) which is a 5 day course of antibiotics. My throat isn't hurting at bad like it was but my tonsil is still swollen. It never went back down but pain is gone. Instead on day 2 of antibiotics, I came down with a horribly runny nose, barking cough, and overall fatigue. The nasal discharge is clear and has an awful foul smell to it accompanied with bad breath. What could be causing this?
I was sick a little over a month ago started on medicine Cefdinir  30 mg for 10 days.  felt better but not back to normal.  After finishing meds.,  a few days later I got sick again.  Sinus infections chest infections.   Dr. put me on zpack  Prednisone 20mg and Azithromycin 250 mg for 6 days felt great after a few days but during this time, and before the meds I felt like my heart was beating faster than normal.  I thought maybe side effects of the medicine, but I have been off since almost the middle of March.  My heart is still beating faster at times than i am used too.  I took my blood pressure and pulse pressure today.  It averages out with both arms. 126/77 and pulse rate of 91 to 96   should I be concerned about my pulse rate.   not sure what is considered to high  Thks Tammy








How common is it for prednislone use to result in sudden onset severe acne after you have finished taking it, and are there any other reason that sudden onset severe acne could result from prednisolone use, such as underlying cause or disease? Thanks for the replys, just so you know. It was taken for Asthma, 30mg/10days, acne appeared overnight after 4 days after ending steriod use. Azithromycin was also taken 500mg 3 days. p.p.s the azithromycin was taken at the start of the prednisolone taking Im 23, male, had clear skin beforehand. tho slightly greese.


Hey so I went to a testing center last Monday and tested negative for everything but gonorrhea.I was ask to come back the following Tuesday and was told I caught gonorrhea in the throat thankful no where else.The doctor shot penicillin in my arm and told me to take 4 small pink pills at once on a full stomach call azithromycin.I was told not to have sex for 7 days and that it should be cure by then (might take longer depends).its day 5 and my throat feels sore on top of that I been having derrea...is this a normal side effect do anyone know ??? I been worry sick and seeing its the weekend the testing center is closed so I can't call my doctor,I don't think its nothing serious but I would think my sore throat would be healing by now.I also for got to add one thing I went to a party last night and took a sip of alcohol it was not much because I relie very quickly I was making a mistakes.Could the sip of alcohol be the reason behind it ? Or am I'm over thinking this and should give it time ???? I need some advice especially from those who been through this





 Hi,  I have been suffering from Sinus infection from last 1 month. Doctor prescribed me amoxcilin and then z-pack which I finished on wednesday.  Yesterday night when I was studying suddenly my heart started palpitating and I had really bad shortness of breath. My Dad took me to ER. I had this for 4 hours and all of a sudden it got better.  At one time I was just gonna pass out. I also had my physical last week and everything came out fine including blood test.  Doctor in ER said I had anxiety attack. I never had this before. I think it was reaction of Azythromicin side effect.  Any suggestions ?  Male 21


A couple days ago I started feeling a pain in my ear along with my jaw. My ear is swollen, red, and it burns and itches. As for my jaw I can barely open my mouth because the pain is so bad. Yesterday I went to urgent care and the doctor said it was probably just an ear infection, but it could be related to dental issues since I'm 19 and ear infections aren't usually common in people my age, so he gave me a prescription for azithromycin (I'm deathly allergic to amoxicillin) and told me it should clear up within the next few days. It's currently 4AM and the pain I'm in is unbearable. I can't sleep, I can't eat because I can barely move my jaw and, also because nausea and diaherra are side effects of the medicine he gave me so I feel sick to my stomach. Does anyone have any tips on how to deal with this pain, or what else this might be? I don't believe that this is just an ear infection.
About two months ago I got a small cold, which mostly cleared up it seemed.  But then I started getting some forehead pressure which seemed like sinus pressure.  After than my throat started hurting, but only on the right side.  When I would swallow the pain would shoot up to my right ear.  That only lasted about a day and I felts okay after that.  A couple days later though I had a noticeable ringing in my ears and a heavy headed feeling.  Every now and then, but not too often, my eyes would get really itchy and puffy.  Now today, about two months later, my only symptoms are a noticeable ringing in the ears and a heavy headed feeling from time to time.  At times the heavy headed feeling is worse and other times its not as noticeable.  But it really makes it hard to concentrate, sometimes it feels like I'm in a fog and I don't really feel like myself.  Otherwise I'm okay, no pain or anything.  I decided to go to the local clinic and described these symptoms to the doctor there.  He said it could be due to allergies as pollen count has been really high lately and possibly an infection.  He prescribed Azithromycin (Zithromax) 250MG and Prednisone 20MG (twice daily) to be taken together for 5 days.  I took my first dose two hours ago and feel alright, not noticing any major side effects, but I was reading up on Prednisone and started to worry if its doing more harm than good, reading about side-effects possibly lasting up to two months.  Will this have a negative effect on my immune system?  I read that it could make me more prone to infections, which is what I'm possibly trying to get over.  I'm 19 and 200lbs and never have had allergies or have never known of any allergies to anything.  Maybe I'm worrying too much but I'd just like to make sure.  Thanks for any replies!
I happened to me every time when I used to take Allegra. And it just happened now, even worse after I took some Azithromycin for my strep throat.


Hi everyone! I'm a 21 years old female, still a virgin. So my problem is that I had a throat infection like three weeks ago and PA prescribed me Azithromycin for that. She told me that I might get diarrhea as a result of the side-effect of this medication. My throat infection got better, however, I got one other problem. Just the next day after I started taking the medication, I started getting frequent bowel movements with pain in my stomach. The pain comes for two minutes and it goes away after I'm done with the bowel movement. Now, I got my periods two days ago. Today, I'm feeling pain in my butt crack (sorry for the wording). It's inside pain; it comes for just 10 seconds but it irritates me a lot. It comes especially after the bowel movement. It's not inside the butt hole but two three inches above. I still get pain in my stomach which goes away after I'm done with the bathroom thing. I don't get any blood in stool. Is it something serious? Also, I never experienced this before. Do I need to see a doctor or I will get better in few days? Please don't scare me. I need help!









Alright. I came down with a really bad case of tonsillitis. Like, nearly septic. I'm allergic to 90% of the antibiotics out there so I had to kind of talk the doctor out of IV meds and into writing me a script for azithromycin as it is one of the only I am not allergic to. I'm on day 2 of antibiotics. He also wanted me to take prednisone for the throat swelling, which I did. I haven't taken the 2nd dose yet. Last night, I began having the feeling of shortness of breath. My oximeter says my o2 is holding at 98% so I know I'm actually breathing fine, it just feels like I'm not and my lungs feel weird. I called the pharmacy, who told me to call the ER doc. I called the ER, who told me they couldn't advise me over the phone and  to follow up with my regular doctor.. except that I don't have a regular doctor yet. I'm not allergic to the antibiotics. I've taken them before. I am wondering if this is a side effect it is safe to ignore. The antibiotics are working, the tonsillitis is almost gone. I don't want to switch to a random antibiotic and risk having a reaction when these are working. I'm scared. Can someone nicely advise?
I'v had a bad cough for about a month now. Just last week i went to immediate-care and they gave me some anti-biotics. Tomorrow is my last day taking them, im feeling better but i'm still coughing a little. Two days ago out of random i got this throbbing pain near the middle of my ribs on my left side. Scale of 1-10 i would give it an 8. I cant move without it hurting, i can hardly even breathe without it throbbing. I looked at the side effects and chest pain and stomach issues are possible but this is neither. By the way they gave me azithromycin. So im probably just going to see a doctor but if anyone knows what could be causing this pain it would be great. Perhaps its from me coughing constantly for almost a month straight?
I have just been treated for Chlamydia, and took 4 tablets of Azithromycin at around 8 hours ago. The side affects included are vomiting or diarrhoea and a leaflet that has been given to me indicating that if these appear within 2 hours then another appointment should be made. Now this question might sound straight forward and that I should know... but since I have taken the tablets I have eaten 3 times, worked out, and the last meal I had was spaghetti bolognese. After having this my stomach became slightly uncomfortable, so I went to the toilet and (in no great detail) had what was symptom like to diarrhoea (watery). After this I felt better and not needing to go again. I was just wondering if this effect could have been to the food or the Azithromycin in which case should a doctor be informed? It was outside the 2 hours and I can only assume it was the food, but just want to be sure!

I have just been treated for Chlamydia, and took 4 tablets of Azithromycin at around 8 hours ago. The side affects included are vomiting or diarrhoea and a leaflet that has been given to me indicating that if these appear within 2 hours then another appointment should be made. Now this question might sound straight forward and that I should know... but since I have taken the tablets I have eaten 3 times, worked out, and the last meal I had was spaghetti bolognese. After having this my stomach became slightly uncomfortable, so I went to the toilet and (in no great detail) had what was symptom like to diarrhoea. After I felt better and not needing to go again. I was just wondering if this effect could have been to the food or the Azithromycin in which case should a doctor be informed? It was outside the 2 hours and I can only assume it was the food, but just want to be sure!

I have been trying to fight off two infections at once for the last week and a half.  My doctor put me on the Z-pack, but I have to go through 2 rounds of it.  Whenever I take it, my stomach just kills me, feels like my stomach is on fire.  I called the doctor and they said the side effects should pass and not to take anything like Zantac or anything like that because it could reduce the medication's effectiveness.  My question is, is there anything I can do to help the stomach pain?  Any ideas would be greatly appreciated. Update: Thank you. Update: It's an antibiotic that is really called Azithromycin.
I am 8 weeks pregnant and just found out I have chlamydia from a recent pap. Well Yesterday I was given a medicine called azithromycin. I took both pills today like it said on the bottle.  After about 30 minutes after taking it I had bad stomach pains, diarrhea and found just very small amount of blood. I looked at the side effects and I don't know if the small blood is normal.  Is it??



I got bronchitis after I got a cold and my doctor prescribed azithromycin (brand name Zithromax) and I was fine with it yesterday but when i took the second dose today, I got green-colored diarrhea a few times after each time I ate a single thing. After eating the second time, it got painful so I stopped eating. But I still have 3 days left of the pills and I don't think I can stop eating the whole time. Did anyone else have this symptom? I'm hoping it won't occur again tomorrow because I can't stop taking the pills. Any advice? :( Update: diarrhea is a reported side-effect but not it being green

On March 8th, I began taking Nasonex (nasal spray) and Azithromycin (Z-pack, a fairly common antibiotic) for a minor sinus infection.  Only took a few doses of the Nasonex, and finished out 5-day dose of Z-pack.  On March 10th (2 days in), my mouth dried up severely.  By severe, I mean that gum/hard candy/water didn't help.  Stayed hydrated, went out and bought dry-mouth products, but all to no avail.  Went back to the ENT, who looked in my mouth and said I was fine.  Gave me Nystatin anyway, in case I developed a thrush infection.  Went to a dentist, who said my mouth was fine.  Keep in mind, I was in terrible discomfort this entire time.  If I don't keep applying Chapstick, my mouth starts cracking and bleeding, and the top of my tongue looked fuzzy (NOT from thrush -- looked more like a cat's tongue).  Went to another dentist shortly after the first one -- he looked in my mouth for 10 seconds and said I had a raging gum infection (and proved it in a rather painful way).  Here I am, on the 29th, still with a severe dry mouth.  It is really affecting the quality of my life -- my eyes are starting to feel dry too.  Was tested for the following maladies:  Autoimmune disorders (including R.A. and Sjogren's, all were negative), and had a CBC (normal:  no anemia).  My dentist put me on some pretty intense vitamins (he said I looked malnourished, which I was, since I had difficulties eating.  Lost about 10 pounds in 3 weeks, and I wasn't big to start with).  Currently being tested for diabetes.  In addition to being given the runaround by doctors, this problem is NOT going away.  I still have to clear up my gum problem (may have to have periodontal surgery), but my dry mouth/dry eyes/dry lips won't disappear.  I've been taking inderal LA (propranolol, a beta-blocker) for migraines for a couple of years.  I'm only 31 years old, and have never had problems with medication.  It's like someone keeps sucking all of the moisture out of my mouth.  Anyone had this happen before?  I'm starting to get scared.  I keep losing my voice, and it's difficult to eat.  Not sure if something else is seriously wrong, or if my tummy is just upset because I'm so upset.  Can't find any side-effect information for these drugs that matches what I'm going through.  Doctors keep telling me it's not an allergy and it should go away, but it's been a rough couple of weeks.  (Sorry about the long post!)  Anyone heard of or had difficult with drugs like this? Update: Note:  I've been off this medication since March 12th (it's been 2 weeks+).  Neither medication is supposed to stay in my system this long.  Not sure what's going on.  OTC saliva sprays help for 10 minutes, max.

I am 18 and finished my last course of antibiotics(azithromycin) on June 26 for strep throat(I was a 5 day course don't remember how many mg or when started). About a week after which was about July 3 I noticed I have been breaking out in hives/ welts which rarely ever happens. I had no idea what was causing them cause I changed everything only to realize it MIGHT be the antibiotics I took a week before. Yet my doctor claims it might be something else and threw my theory out of window.  It is now about 3 weeks later(after I finished my last pill) and still breaking out in welts. My doctor perscribed me some Prednisone 20mg (1 pill 2 twice a day for 5 days), yesterday July 13, and instructed me to keep taking benedryl every 6-8hours(When I was taking once pill once a day), until my blood allergy test results come back next week Monday July 20.  My question is: How long does it take for anti-biotics to leave your system? Should I take the prednisone? I fear its side-effects and I am afraid my hives/welts may not go away after I am done? Update: I'm not breaking out in welts as bad as I use to( I think). Before 6 welts or more would appear at once on my other thigh and now one or two may show up at once and the rest takes like 30mins or more. Are these signs of improvement?
I have been ill for over a month now. It started with a sinus infection. I was put on an antibiotic which didn't completely clear it up but did help. With the antibiotic I started experiencing nauseau anxiety and loss of appetite. The antibiotic was only a zpack however so it was done soon. Following the antibiotic I got a funny feeling on my left side by my belly button. I ended up having to start a new antibiotic and the discomfort grew worse. After stopping the antibiotic my symptoms of the abdominal discomfort nauseau and loss of appetite remained however a few days later this turned into horrible abdominal pain, occassional diahrreha and soft stools with the occasional constipated feeling. the doc thought I could have c difficle or geardia so they put me on flagyl. Finished the flagly appetite has returned and nauseau mostly gone but the same painful off and on discomfort is over my intestines around my belly button. Any advice or ideas what it could be? Update: I'm not looking for a diagnosis just some advice from someone who may have had something similar. I do have an appointment to see a gastrointestinologist but its a couple weeks away. I do feel better just not well.
It's kind of like how it feels on a plane...but it won't go away and it's just one ear. I just got rid of a sore throat or something to that effect with an antibiotic called azithromycin. I'm kind of scared that I might be losing my hearing or something because the stuffyness won't go away and it says that one of the possible side effects is hearing loss.



Ok, about early march, late february, I was prescribed azithromycin for assumed std, and it was a 1 gram powder pack. I mixed the pack with water and drank it. While on it, I experience severe joint pain. And about 2 weeks later, I was prescribed Valtrex for herpes, even though it later was confirmed not to be herpes. The Valtrex caused shooting pain, or a tingling sensation up and down my legs, and more joint pain. I only took 4 or 5 pills of valtrex. And now a month later, I am still feeling some joint pain. I am gonna get tested again for herpes next month, which would make it 3 months. Is it possible that an antibiotic like azithromycin, or a antiviral like valtrex could cause long term side effects? I asked the doctor about joint pain at the onset, and he told me it wasn't std related
