Side effects of Azithromycin to cure chlamydia ?
Azithromycin side effects? What can I do to stop vomiting so much?
Azithromycin dangerous side effect?
How long do the side effects of Azithromycin last? Nausea and chills.?
I took the medication AZITHROMYCIN. Has any one had any bad side effects from this medication?
Side effects of azithromycin?
Drinking alcohol with Azithromycin?
What are the side effects if you mistakenly take azithromycin 2 and a half hours after eating a chicken salad?
Azithromycin spn 1gm?
The antibiotic Azithromycin tabletes?
diarrhea from azithromycin?
ADVICE REALLY BADD! SIDE EFFECTS HORRIBLE. PLZ l00k!?
Azithromycin and diarrhea?
Help with azithromycin?
Can being on Azithromycin for one and a half years suddenly then result in you becoming anxious?
Can I get tested for an STI if I just finished taking azithromycin?
Azithromycin Treatment For Chlamydia?
What can happen if you take azithromycin when you dont have an infection?
Is this normal one week after Azithromycin?
Prednisone, azithromycin, and alchohol.?
HELP.....weird medication side effects?
The medication or something more serious???
Is this normal with Azithromycin?
Difference between Amoxicillin and Azithromycin?
Has anyone else ever gotten erections from azithromycin (Zithromax)?
IMPORTANT ABOUT azithromycin (Zithromax) !!!!!?
Do all antibiotics give you diarrhea?! (Azithromycin).?
Still have mild symptoms after chlamydia treatment?

Issues With Combining Azithromycin (Zithromax) and Alcohol ?
I took two Azithromycin 500mg for Chlamydia on Wednesday, when can I drink?
What could/can&#39;t you do on antibiotic treatments?
Does the Antibiotic Azithromycin Affect Birth Control?
Azithromycin adominal pain?
I threw up 12 hours after taking azithromycin?
I took Azithromycin and...?
Question about azithromycin?
Is it ok to drink beer after taking antibiotics ?

Is it safe to have a few drinks while taking Azithromycin?
Will azithromycin make me sick?
1 g azithromycin and phenergan?
i finished a 6 day doesage of the generic brand of azithromycin,i still have a raw throat and a?
can i take co-amoxiclav and azithromycin together?
Is this azithromycin medicin is harmful for long time use?
Is it ok to drink while on the antibiotic azithromycin?
azithromycin (Zithromax) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
I&#39;ve been taking predisone and azyrthromicin for a couple of days. When I take em together I get a headache?
azithromycin (Zithromax) !!!!!!?
What is azithromycin?
QUESTIONNNNN azithromycin (Zithromax)?
Can I drink alcohol if I&#39;m taking azithromycin?
Is miralax safe to take with another perscriptioned drug? ?
Diarrhea after taking azithromycin(Z pack) antibiotic?
Azithromycin antibiotic and lexapro?
I&#39;m taking Azithromycin 250MG, is it normal to..?
I was perscribed azithromycin 500 mg two tablets, but took them 15 hours apart.?
Can you use fish Azithromycin capsules for humans?
Are these normal side effects?
How safe is Azithromycin ?
i thew up an hour after taking the azithromycin antibiotics, what now :(?
Azithromycin (z-pack) antibiotic?
azithromycin and alcohol?
Does Tahitian Noni Juice interact with Azithromycin?
Developed a sore throat after taking azithromycin, 10pts?

Diarrhoea after taking azithromycin for chlamydia?

Antibiotic side effect help?
erythromycin v. Azithromycin?
How long would Azithromycin[Zithromax] stay in your system if you took a dosage of 1 gram at in a single dose?
azithromycin and alcohol?
Azithromycin and depression?
Can I drink alcohol while taking azithromycin?
On antibiotic called azithromycin generic brand of z pack?
Azithromycin and hearing loss?
Ineffective azithromycin?
Need side effect diagnosis!!! Important! Help?
Is Azithromycin safe?
i was given azithromycin,iguess they thought i had a infection,my last dose was5 days ago,?
Prednisone 20mg (9-Day Course) Side Effects?
Azithromycin during pregnancy?
Weird symptom from azithromycin?
Diarrhoea after Azithromycin?
Antibiotic side effects?
Has anyone ever had chlamydia?
Please help!!! I&#39;m having an allergic reaction to Azithromycin?
What are the effects of taking Concerta and antibiotics? And/or Ritalin with antibiotics?
The doctor said i have bronchitis and he prescribed me with azithromycin?
azithromycin antibiotic can it hurt me if im not sure i need it?
Stomachache from azithromycin?
azithromycin/zithromax/z-pack?
How long does azithromycin stay in your body?
Is Azithromycin 250mgs a strong antibiotic?
antibiotic azithromycin and weight lifting?
How long can antibiotics cause side effects after you stop taking them?
Will drinking beer affect Azithromycin from working?
When you take the antibiotic for chlamydia why do you get ?
&quot;IS Zithromax Azithromycin THE ONLY THING THAT CAN TREAT CHLAMYDIA?
How long does azithromycin take to have an effect on tonsillitis?

Can you take painkillers if you&#39;ve taken Azithromycin?
possibly pregnant and taking azithromycin?
What side effects did you get from erythromycin?
How long does take to completely recover from symptoms of chlyamdia after taking 1g of azithromycin?
Sick prescribed Azithromycin-Not working?
IS arithromycin the same thing as azithromycin and zithromax?
I was taking azithromycin 500 mg the doctor gave me 2 tablets. i wanted to know how long does this stay in you

Does azithromycin cause a runny nose?
Is it possible to experience side effects a few days after starting antibiotics, and not immediately?
How long does it take for 7 days of 500mg of Zpak (azithromycin) to get out of your system? How about the side effects?
Is Azithromycin safe?
Chlamydia treatment? azithromycin?
Double checking my doctor?
How long can antibiotics cause side effects after you stop taking them?
Are these normal side effects?
How long will my side effects last?? Help!! z-?
Medication Question about Azithromycin?
antibiotics and side effects?
My doctor gave me Azithromycin?
Is there an antidote to azithromycin?
azithromycin???
Azithromycin gave me a fever/temperature?
Side Effects of Azithromycin for Chlamydia?
Can I substitute clindomycin for azithromycin for one dose?
Azithromycin / Zithromax.. Are these side effects? Is it serious?
Azithromycin, safe for breastfeeding?
How safe is the antibotic Azithromycin?
Side effects of z-pack antabiotic?
azithromycin + paracetamol?
azithromycin, hershey squirt side effect?
Azithromycin side effects?
if you take azithromycin and your body is neither having these diseases.what are the side effects to the body?
Are these possible Z-pack side effects?
I took the medication AZITHROMYCIN. Has any one had any bad side effects from this medication?
azithromycin and side effects?
Side effects of the Azithromycin Z pack?
How long after taking an antibiotic (Azithromycin) would I notice side effects?
How long does the side effects for 2 500mg azithromycin last?
Co-Azithromycin Chlamydia 39 Weeks Pregnant?
Can you still experience the side effects of antibiotics even after you have finished taking them?
Can anyone help me with an Azithromycin side effect problem?
Should I be worried about the side effects of this antibiotic?
Side effects of Azithromycin- how long do they last?
What are the side effects of drinking while on Azithromycin?
Can I take dramamine while on azithromycin? Any negative side effects from doing so?
Side effects to watch out for?
can i have side effects from taking a clamidia pill a week later?
azithromycin side effects ?
Azithromycin Tablets!?
Side effects if I take a Azithromycin and then a Sudafed?
Azithromycin side effects?
What are the side effects of azithromycin?
Hives from taking Azithromycin.....?
Have any of you taken Azithromycin?
How long do the side effects of Azithromycin last?
Azithromycin side effects?
Azithromycin side effects?
Need, side effect of azithromycin, help. An answer would be better than a suggestion if you can please.?
Doxycycline vs Azithromycin - which generally has fewer gi side effects?
Azithromycin (500mg) side effect : Motion 3 - 4 times a day. Remedy?

Is this a normal side effect after taking Azithromycin (Zithromax) for Chlamydia?
I took the medication AZITHROMYCIN. Has any one had any bad side effects from this medication?
I took azithromycin and in less than an hour I vomited, I know that is a side effect, but will it still work?
Side effects from Azithromycin?
How do fight the side effect of Azithromycin?
Stomach bug or bad side effects?
How long are my Azithromycin aka Zithromax side effects going to last after one dose?
when i have azithromycin tablets i infect with side effects of this medicine while capsules dont happent it?
should i stop taking my z pack anitbiotics if i am getting side effects from it?
Is bleeding and stomach pain normal side effects after taking treatment for chlamydia?
Does Azithromycin cause cramps when curing Chlamydia ?
How long after taking an antibiotic (Azithromycin) would I notice side effects?
Is it safe to take Azithromycin while pregnant?
Taking antibiotic azithromycin(Zythromax) and it&#39;s causing very weird side effects any help?
when i have azithromycin tablets i infect with side effects of this medicine while capsules dont happent it?
Is Azithromycin safe?
Azithromycin side effects.?
Side Effects of antibiotic . . or illness ! ? HELP?
Azithromycin (Antibiotic) and side effect?
Anyone tried Azithromycin and had no side effects or did you really have bad side effects?? I am worried that?
Are these side effects from the antibiotic or should I be worried that I am pregnant?
Side effects of Azithromycin?
Z-Pak Azithromycin side effects????

azithromycin side effects?
How long do Azithromycin side effects last?
anyone who took azithromycin? any bad side effects?
How long after taking azithromycin will the side effects kick in?
I was given Azithromycin to treat my chlamydia. Are there any side effects to this?
azithromycin side effects? how long?
Are any of these side effects of Azithromycin or Lexapro?
Azithromycin side effects?
what are azithromycin side effects?
I&#39;m taking Azithromycin...are these side effects normal?
Azithromycin side effects question?

What antibiotics are easier on the stomach?
I took 500 mg of Azithromycin. 3 hrs later I vomited pretty much everything in my stomach. Will it still work?
Taking antibiotics and my legs are really hurting - is this serious?
Difficulty starting urine stream?
Can someone help me in pain?
Can Azithromyocin interact with Ciproflaxcin?
is bleeding normal after treatment......(female)?
Why does certain red spots itch on hand and arms?
Can you drink alcohol with an antibiotic....?


What are some home remedies to treat a sinus infection?



does prednisone make you gain weight?

am i gonna gain alot of weight?
Gf&#39;s new meds making her go numb?
Antibiodic Poisoning? Help!!!?
When is it safe to take prescribed medications? Vs letting your body heal itself NATURALLY. All prescription drugs seem BAD for you?!?

rancid smell from breath ; serious answers only please?

Do I have a yeast infection or herpes?

Can I drink my protein shakes while im on medication from being sick?


Very, very bad chest pains!?
How long will Zithromax stay in your system if you took the 1st days dose of 2 pills and the second day 1pill?
Stomach issues please help?

Is it normal to have Nausea after taking Antibiotics and does illness delay your period?
Is there anything else besides yogurt, that will help a liquid stomach, while on antibiotics?


Constant Diarrhea! HELP!!?



Help with sinusitis symptoms :[ ?





Has anyone drank while taking a z-pack?
Can you drink green tea with antibiotics ?



Question for a doctor!?
Heartburn? Please help?

plz help. confused and having issues with a z pack (azithromyacin)?


nauseous after antibiotic?

Need medical advise on prescription?
Taking Ultram or Flexiril while treating chlamydia with Zithromax?




really bad ringing in the ears?

I am taking zithrox and just took my second dose. I just had a lot of diarrhea. Is this normal?

Should I just wait this out?Headache with dizziness?
Will my medication still work after diarrhoea?
Late period, took antibiotics , and have yeast infection?

Was there poor judgement by my obgyn?



Z Pack with a beer or two?
Will diarrhea stop my treatment from working?





Help, Stomach Issues?
Left side of my neck went numb?

I have a rash?
how do you treat stomach pain after taking an antibiotic?
Did I poop out my antibiotics?
Can Zithromax cause headaches?

How can I be completely cured & freed?

I have broncitus, Z-Pack hurts my stomach?

Passing ONLY blood and mucus in stool...concerned!?






Tiny red bumps all over body?

2-3 days of soft stools and stomach cramps after antibiotics?



Question about Alcohol Consumption?






Why Do i have watery diarrhea?
How do get rid of suddent break out over chest, neck and shoulders?
can you take xanax and zithromax?

Do antibiotics make you tired?

Will I get a reaction if I took clairithromycin, and then skipped a day as the doc prescribed me azithromycin?






howd this happen in just one day?
After ZPACK stomach pain?
I had a bad gastro-intestinal reaction to Amoxicillin & now i&#39;m on Azithromycin will this happen again?

ANY ONE EVER TAKE CO-AZITHROMYCIN?
I just started taking azithromycin and?
Is it normal for things to smell weird taking the Z-PAC?
Should I stop taking this antibiotic?



Has anyone ever taken Azithromycin before? what were your reactions?

Co-Azithromycin Chlamydia 39 Weeks Pregnant?



Is arithomyacin in the same family as augmentin?
Is it safe to take Singulair while taking Azithromycin?
three antibiotics at once.. please help!?

I am taking a Prescription an antibiotic and i was wondering if it would my Diahrea look like coffee grounds?
Missing pill/taking antibiotic...please read all and answer appropriately!?
Is Zithromax (Azithromycin) antibiotic seriously dangerous? Really need some advice.?
I have a couple little red blotches on my stomach/back that don&#39;t itch....?

Is zethromax a good antibiotic?
Drinking and taking Azithromycin?
Is Zithromax (azithromycin) that bad?
azithromycin = fever?

Post surgery medication, septoplasty questions?
Azithromycin burning diarrhea?
URGENT!! Plz read all & help! What&#39;s happening to me??!?
can i give my daughter cough medicine if shes currently taking azithromycin?

Can I take one dose (1g) of azithromycin for chlamydia- say today- then I start taking Amoxicillin(500 mg) for?


Do I have to finish my dosage of antibiotics if I am allergic to them?
Can I take Pepto Bismol or an anti-nausea with Azithromycin?
azithromycin and chlamydia issues?
Can i take imodium if I am on azithromycin?
can i drink beer while on azithromycin antibiotic?
Can prednisone and/or azithromycin ..?

Help needed, my mom gave me tablets of azithromycin.?
Can I take one dose (1g) of azithromycin for chlamydia- say today- then I start taking Amoxicillin(500 mg) for?
pelvic pain and stomach cramps?
Can Azithromycin affect birth control efficiency?
Is it possible for azithromycin (z-pak) to make me feel dazed?  I feel like I&#39;m on drugs, but not?
Has anyone ever taken Azithromycin?
Can i smoke weed and drink alcohol while taking Azithromycin for strep throat? (part 2)?
Chest pain while taking azithromycin ?
Can i smoke weed and drink alcohol while taking Azithromycin for strep throat?
Scared to take Azithromycin D: Please help?


Please help! I vomited after taking azithromycin!?
is this normal??? please helppp!!! Azithromycin?
Azithromycin &amp; Previfem. Okay mix?
Is it safe to take Imodium AD with Azithromycin?

Vomiting while taking azithromycin?
Will drinking beer affect Azithromycin from working?

Red dots found around wrists and thumbs!?

birth control pill & antibiotics?
abdominal paid after antibiotic?

I take birth control pills, & was put on Antibiotics...doctor said it wouldn&#39;t  interfer?





What&#39;s causing this...............?
blood pressure is 126/77  but my pulse presure is 91 to 96.  Is this somthing that iI should be concerned abou?








Prednisolone and Acne.?


I test postive for gonorrhea I NEED HELPFUL ADVICE?





Anxiety attack or Antibiotic reaction !!!! scared!!?


Severe ear and jaw pain?
Prednisone and Zithromax for 5 days?
Why does my tongue go numb after I take certain medications ?


Is it because of the medication that I took for throat infection?









Shortness of breath with antibiotics and steroids?
Whats wrong with me?
Please help! chlamydia treatment and some concerns!?

Chlamydia and treatment?

Problems with taking Z-Pack?
Please help me out here. =[[?



Bronchitis medicine causes green stool?

Severe dry mouth/dry lips after taking medication?

How long does it take for antibiotics to leave your system?
So I am puzzled by this and so far the doctors can&#39;t provide an answer. Please help.?
I have a weird stuffy feeling in my right ear?



Medicine caused joint inflammation?
